description   
 1 .  coordinate and implement various data collection activities  ( e . g .  securing participants ,  collecting survey data ,  conducting interviews and focus groups ,  pretesting  2 .  process and manage study data  ( entering and cleaning data ,  data .  .  .      
 facebook is seeking a release to production engineer to join our hardware engineering team .  come learn about our cutting edge power and hardware architecture ,  which has one of the most efficient infrastructures in the industry .  our servers and datacenters are the foundation upon which our rapidly scaling infrastructure efficiently operates and upon which our innovative services are delivered .  the intern / co - op will work closely with power ,  server ,  and data center engineering design teams to help design ,  qualify ,  and optimize our hardware power devices .  this position is located in our menlo park office .  release to production  ( rtp )  is the core validation team for all hardware that gets deployed at our data centers and we are looking for skilled and self - initiating hardware validation interns .  students majoring in electrical ,  mechanical ,  computer ,  or mechatronics are encouraged to apply .  understanding of server architecture is a definitive advantage .  applicants must be familiar with linux and bash ,  we use centos .  we will be focusing on students who show strong self - initiatives and are able to complete tasks with little guidance  ( we don t like to micro - manage )  .  basic programming experience is a must ,  we will have preference for students with python experience .  responsibilities will include debugging of hardware failures ,  running tests ,  working with our vendors / odms / oems and supporting the team .  projects will be assigned based on experience and interests .  travel may be asked of you but it s not a requirement .  if you like to solve problems ,  are efficient and have good communication skills ,  please apply  interface with hardware ,  mechanical ,  power ,  thermal and software engineers to understand system architecture .   drive hardware optimizations by creating hardware ,  thermal ,  and mechanical test plans for server hardware .   execute tests according to plan ,  while keeping a through procedural record and data log .   create automated test infrastructure ,  through the use of scripted languages and remotely controlled test equipment .   develop and publish test reports and communicate findings to team members .   diagnose and root cause component failures .      
 facebook is seeking an experienced administrative assistant .  this position is full - time and located in our menlo park ,  california headquarters .  coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives  manage hectic and complex calendars  prepare expense reports  coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements  organize space planning and large offsite events  general office duties as needed  build cross - functional relationships between departments      
 facebook is seeking a systems engineering intern to join our release to production team .  our servers and data centers are the foundation upon which our rapidly scaling infrastructure efficiently operates and upon which our innovative services are delivered .  the co - op will work closely with our hardware ,  validation ,  production engineering ,  and data center teams to provision ,  image ,  validate ,  and deploy hardware that is delivered to facebook’s data centers .  this position is located in our menlo park office .   interface with hardware ,  validation ,  software ,  and data center engineers to understand system deployment ,  provisioning ,  and imaging .   develop automation around testing and deploying software packages to facebook’s server fleet .   support the data center in break / fix and sustaining activities .   test and validate new drivers and firmware for components and new system kernels .   develop processes to monitor systems ,  perform data collection ,  and maintenance methodologies .   diagnose and root cause component failures .      
 the global help desk is the primary group responsible for providing user - facing support to users through site - specific walkup locations and our global remote help desk .  the help desk service lead is responsible for operational execution and ensuring adverse trends in the quality of service delivery & support are constantly improved through the actionable use of data .  this is a full - time position based in our main office in menlo park ,  ca .    required to manage through influence on a recurring basis ,  working with other teams .    constantly maintains operational awareness of how help desk team ( s )  are doing overall through regular and deep understanding of defined metrics .    responsible for task management and assignments for help desk techs   monitors and unblock help desk performance through review and analysis of kpi s and issues .    seeks out feedback from help desk techs to optimize support delivered  ( either in person or remotely )  and maintain a good understanding of general user support needs and requirements  (   voice of the customer   )    uses advanced methods for the systematic isolation of issues ,  identification of root cause ,  and definition of technical solutions .    constantly identifies and takes action based on operational metrics and problem trends .    responsible for the quality and measuring success of on - boarding new technicians .      
 facebook is seeking a data engineer intern to join the it team and participate in the design and development of creative and innovative solutions to manipulate / transform data coming from diverse facebook . com domains and components  ( such as ads ,  pages etc… )  as well as other custom systems and databases to facilitate its visibility and consumption through the appropriate interfaces .  this is an internship / co - op position based in our main office in menlo park ,  california .  design ,  architect and develop data solutions to help product and business teams at facebook to make data driven decisions  lead end - to - end efforts to design ,  development and implementation data integration processes for external insights ,  data warehouse and operational data store  leverage homegrown etl framework as well as off - the - shelf etl tools ,  as appropriate  interface closely with data infrastructure and engineering teams to build and extend cross platform etl and reports generation framework  provide consultative solutions approach to business partners such as analysts ,  management ,  end users and developers to clarify objectives ,  determine scope ,  drive consensus ,  identify problems and recommend solutions  support end users on ad hoc data usage and be a subject matter expert on functional side of the business     
 title  non - technical yahoo  -  intern location  california - sunnyvale other locations  non - technical yahoo – intern locations  california ,  new york ,  florida ,  washington d . c .  about the job we are looking for intern candidates in the areas of marketing & customer experience ,  legal ,  human resources ,  and finance to support and innovate on yahoo’s suite of exciting next - generation products .  minimum job qualifications  - ability to communicate effectively ,  both verbally and in writing .   - project management skills and ability to drive projects forward .   - strong analytical skills and demonstrable logical and critical thinking .   - excels in fast - paced ,  hard - working ,  and fun environment .   - manage multiple tasks with a strong attention to detail .   - demonstrated experience ,  outstanding judgment and self - motivation .   - ability to think and communicate strategically with a variety of people .   - a willingness to learn .  preferable job qualifications the ideal candidate is a smart ,  motivated individual with demonstrable analytical capabilities ,  an inherent ability and desire to solve problems ,  strong technical proficiency ,  and an eagerness and ability to work across a number of projects and teams .  the right person would be eager to dive” right in ,  learn new things ,  and strive to deliver high quality ,  measurable ,  and accurate results .  minimum gpa 3 . 5 .  how to apply  1 .  submit your resume via your school’s career site or 2 .  apply directly to the career site under position #1348551 eeo statement yahoo !  inc .  is an equal opportunity employer .  for more information or to search all of our openings ,  please visit http  /  / careers . yahoo . com .      
 apple physical therapy is seeking a patient service coordinator assistant for the puyallup area .  this is a part - time position scheduled for 30 hours per week .  we anticipate a schedule of early afternoon to 7 00 pm .  benefits include continuing education  paid vacation  paid sick leave ,  and paid holidays  and a matching 401k plan .  answers phones ,  greets patients ,  schedules patients ,  performs re - call procedures ,  explains and assists patients with paperwork ,  collects co - pays and deductibles ,  and assists patient service coordinator with clerical / administrative tasks .  cleans treatment rooms ,  does laundry ,  takes out trash and recycling ,  and other back office duties as needed .  high school diploma or general education degree  ( ged )  .  one year recent receptionist experience or graduate of an accredited medical administrative assistant or health unit coordinator program  or equivalent combination of experience and education .  experience working in a healthcare environment is preferred ,  but not required .  requires an upbeat personality ,  friendly customer service attitude ,  attention to detail ,  and experience multi - tasking in a fast - paced environment .  professional appearance and communication skills and regular ,  predictable attendance .      
   job number  29611448   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  sep .  13 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  the apple receptionist greets all guests ,  employees and visitors ,  professionally ,  courteously and respectfully .    qualifications     excellent communication skills   team player   ability to multi - task   professional composure   customer service experience    description  the successful candidate will be a team player who enjoys taking on any small tasks or projects to support the company .  the ability to multi - task with excellent interpersonal communication skills is a must .  this role may include assisting other administrative staff with overflow work ,  including word processing ,  data entry and internet research tasks .    education        
   job number  29553514   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  sep .  8 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  responsible for managing relationships and maximizing sales with independent label partners and artist managers in the digital music space .  this role works cross - functionally to facilitate business and operational needs ,  with the ultimate goal of identifying and driving mutual growth opportunities .    qualifications     at least five years of music industry experience ,  preferably with an indie label or artist management background   experience in music marketing and a solid grasp of marketing in general   strategic understanding of key trends affecting the music industry and emerging technologies relevant to digital music  plus an understanding of their different stages of development   strong organizational ,  interpersonal ,  and communication skills   ability to work in a fast - paced environment ,  very responsive ,  and with strong attention to detail   a passion for discovering new music across a variety of genres   proactive  striving to go above and beyond what is required of the role with an ability to prioritize and solve challenges creatively   innovative  continuously seeks to enhance and redefine the approach needed to grow the business ,  while still delivering on all priority projects   collaborative  ability to work cross - functionally in a team environment    description  responsibilities include  partner management focused on indie music content providers working with the music and marketing teams to create new promotions and opportunities for assigned label partners identifying priority content and communicating projections and marketing drivers for releases on a weekly basis tracking assets for promotions ,  responding to inquiries ,  assisting with technical questions ,  and content delivery management cross - functional role that works closely with itunes music ,  marketing ,  production ,  legal ,  design ,  editorial and finance teams some travel is required   education  bs / ba or equivalent work experience       
   job number  28315044   address  new york - fifth avenue ,  new york ,  united states   posted  aug .  27 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  as a member of the retail human resources team ,  the hr administrator will assist with the coordination of the hr functions for the apple offices in new york city .  the hr administrator will have the responsibilities of employee on - boarding as well as office management .  this position requires a highly motivated individual with strong communication and interpersonal skills .  this person will be able to handle the administrative tasking in the busy office environment .    qualifications     knowledge   you have a minimum of one  ( 1 )  year of administrative experience   you have 1 - 2 years of hr experience   you are multi - talented innovative ,  organized ,  professional ,  timely ,  and smart as they come .    you take personal initiative and are a positive example for others .    adaptable to changing needs of the organization .  motivated and driven .    ability to professionally represent company  -  capable of learning and understanding apples culture and bringing the brand to life .    you have a concierge mentality at all times   be the first point of contact in the resolution ,  escalation or routing of employee inquiries   skills   strong problem - solving skills   ability to priortize workload and manage multiple projects   attention to detail is a must   willingness to be flexible   exceptional written and verbal communication skills   actively learns ,  demonstrates and fosters apples culture in all actions and words    description  provides strategic administrative support for the human resources function of a high volume ,  retail stores .  prioritizes multiple projects ,  think outside the box and support a hr or business administrative functions .  builds successful working relationships with a variety of positions inside and outside the apple category  retail store .  manages the upkeep of confidential documents  employee files ,  management files related to hr matters ,  and requisition files .  assists in the on - boarding process .  works with the in - store hr manager to provide general information on hr policies and processes .  handles basic office administration tasks .  educates employees about companys benefits  ( health ,  medical ,  perks ,  etc .  )    education  a bachelors degree in this field is preferred but not required   detail page url  https  /  / jobs . apple . com .  .  .      
   job number  29559536   address  austin ,  texas ,  united states   posted  sep .  11 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  at apple ,  we believe in hard work ,  a fun environment ,  and the kind of creativity and innovation that only comes about when talented people from diverse backgrounds approach problems from varying perspectives .  we believe each customer interaction is an opportunity to delight ,  impress ,  engage and inspire .  we focus on all the small details to have the biggest impact !  technical consultants that support our apple customers are the best of the best of the best .  are you one of them ?    qualifications     a driving passion for new and innovative technology .    owns a computer and peripheral devices like ipods ,  cell phones ,  pdas ,  etc .  ,  and has personal experience with troubleshooting them .    familiarity with the mac platform ,  apple software ,  and mac os x .    comfortable navigating through unfamiliar software applications .    broad understanding of computing technology including  hardware components ,  data storage ,  operating systems ,  software applications ,  common peripheral devices ,  and external connectivity .    knowledge of internet services and network configurations including broadband ,  dial - up ,  and wired or wireless home networks .    approaches unknowns with a systematic and analytical process .    seeks technical challenges and enjoys finding answers unassisted .    sales experience in a technical field ,  discussing the specifications and benefits of various products with potential customers .    relevant experience in retail ,  technical support ,  help desk support ,  or customer service .     description  the responsibilities of the technical customer service support representative includes  provide unparalleled customer service and enrichment to the digital lifestyles of apple customers .  provide complete and appropriate technical solutions for mac users .  delight our customers by listening attentively to their needs ,  reaching agreement about their issue and driving it to a resolution .  troubleshoot simple to complex issues ,  adapting to a variety of skill levels through a positive ,  analytical ,  and informative approach .  educate customers about apples support options ,  online tools ,  and self - help or tutorial training resources .  communicate positively with team members ,  customers ,  and other partners always remembering ,  that you represent the apple brand .  oh yeah  -  and have fun !  after all ,  this is apple .    education  possesses an aptitude for delighting customers through  o adaptive interaction with people of diverse technical proficiency .  o an active listener and excellent verbal communicator .  o an excitement and passion for the company and product you are representing and the ability to share this passion with your customer .        
   job number  27493986   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  jul .  19 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  system test engineering is looking for an intern with excellent problem solving and communications skills .  this is your chance to join a key team driving the quality of future apple products .  in this role ,  you will be developing new tools ,  creating automation systems ,  and working closely with the cross - functional team to ensure product quality .    qualifications     experience in developing using scripting or coding languages  ( perl ,  python ,  ruby ,  javascript ,  objectivec ,  c++ ,  etc .  )    strong written and verbal communications skillsincluding solid writing ,  presentation skills & experience .    in - depth knowledge of macos ,  ios ,  and / or unix   technical knowledge of professional apps ,  game development ,  web applications ,  and / or media - related software .    ability to work cross - functionally with other teams and groups   ability to design ,  think creatively ,  problem solve ,  and innovate    description  the successful candidate has a strong aptitude for learning new technologies ,  and excellent communication skills .  the candidate is expected have the ability to design ,  create ,  and run manual and automated tests .  cross - functional collaboration with development ,  marketing and tech support teams and an ability to thrive under pressure are key skills required to succeed in this role .  innovation ,  design experience ,  creativity ,  and problem solving skills are key .  develop ,  design and execute automated tests / test systems for compatibility of apple hardware and software projects .  test lead a core automation area or project work closely and clearly communicate with all cross - functional teams   education  enrolled as a bsee / cs student       
   job number  27467724   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  aug .  1 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  apple s litigation team is looking for a highly energetic legal administrative assistant   qualifications     a minimum of 5 years experience   must possess strong time management and effective communication skills   must be very detail oriented and able to work independently as well as collaboratively within a team   familiarity with apple hardware and software is preferred   successful candidate should be a high energy ,  assertive ,  and flexible self - starter who will thrive in a fast - paced and very team - oriented environment   prior legal experience a plus    description  you must be an organized self starter able to work in a face paced environment while performing administrative and clerical duties in support of multiple levels of individuals within the legal dept .  must be resourceful and take the initiative to prioritize and problem solve with limited guidance and supervision .  also ,  must be able to effectively deal with ambiguity and the constantly changing needs of the department .  additional responsibilities include   -  coordinate meetings with both internal and external entities  -  manage travel arrangements and expense reporting  -  prepare letters ,  reports and other materials  -  maintain and update various department database systems  -  files documents with appropriate entities in accordance with legal requirements  -  assist in establishing office policies and procedures in order to eliminate redundancy and inefficiencies  -  coordinate special projects and department activities   education  bachelor s or aa degree from accredited institution       
   job number  27473946   address  los angeles ,  california ,  united states   posted  jul .  9 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  thirty years ago ,  apple announced the mac with the greatest super bowl advertisement of all times .  today the mac is the creative tool of choice on madison avenue .  are you the right person to take this great relationship forward into the post pc era ?    qualifications     do people ask if you work at apple because of your detailed knowledge of our products ,  your enthusiasm to help others ,  and your determination to change the world for the better ?  does it frustrate you that people have to go back in time -  - technologically speaking -  - when they go to work ?  have you chosen a sales career because you consider it to be a noble profession ?  part teacher ,  part student ,  part listener ,  part orator ,  part accountant ,  part entrepreneur ,  part servant ,  part leader .  its challenging work  perhaps thats why it is worth doing .    are you ready to bring apple innovation to the enterprise ?  we are actively searching for an enterprise account executive for a set of fortune 1000 accounts in the greater southern california area .  the ideal candidate will have 5+ years of customer - facing sales experience with knowledge of enterprise solution selling .  the account executive will work with customers ,  business partners ,  and internal sales resources to drive growth of the full line of apple products .     description  responsibilities include  execution of sales strategies within assigned accounts .  top to bottom  ( executive suite to end user )  customer relationship management for large enterprise accounts .  territory planning and management ,  opportunity forecasting ,  demand generation ,  and fulfillment logistics .  leadership of the extended sales team  ( telesales ,  reseller partners ,  and isv coordination )  to deliver significant market - share growth in this territory .    education  a bs / ba degree is required .        
   job number  27144255   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  jul .  24 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  job description  support the hardware test engineering labs  assist one or more lab spaces ,  including  equipment preparation ,  shipment and maintenance ,  management of lab supplies and tools update equipment inventory after dry - run activities support prototype requests at mini - lines ,  inventory and audits   qualifications     required experience and skills    asee in electronic technology or solid industry experience in field .    hands - on experience with electronic product assembly   hands - on experience in prototype work and functional verification specifically with electronics   hands - on and fluent with lab equipment  rf communication testers ,  digital multimeter ,  spectrum analyzer ,  signal generator ,  oscilloscope ,  camera display equipment ,  power supply ,  etc .    excellent communication in english  ( written and verbal )    great computer skills  mac ,  proficient in ms excel   ability to work in a fast paced environment   proficient computer and internet skills   able to work odd hours and weekends   must be able to lift 50 lbs    description  see summary   education  asee in electronic technology or solid industry experience in field       
   job number  29044605   address  austin ,  texas ,  united states   posted  aug .  12 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  the customer support account representative position has a wide range of responsibilities focused on delivering excellent account management support for all areas of operations .    qualifications     able to speak ,  write ,  read fluently in spanish .    build and maintain effective working relationships with both channel reseller partners and internal departments .    hold regular business operations calls and account reviews with reseller partners   ensure that all customer requests are dealt with appropriately and in a timely manner .    fully understanding the resellers demand and optimal inventory targets  ( twos )  ,  and using this to work with the channel reseller partners to derive a clear demand statement / forecast .    manage execution of the order flow process with resellers partners ,  from order booking through to delivery ,  to ensure optimal customer service levels are attained .    understands and is competent in the use of available operational tools   identify potential process improvement opportunities and present them to management with recommendations   advanced excel   knowledge of erp systems  /  sap    description  the position entails collaboration ,  planning and replenishment ,  in a weekly process with key channel partners .  on a day - to - day basis the role requires collaboration with internal groups ,  supply planning ,  logistics & sales in the analysis ,  commitment and delivery of product and communication of same to accounts .  this role is the single point of contact for all monitoring ,  reporting and communications of operations issues and resolutions .  this role will suit a candidate with strong planning and inventory background ,  who can demonstrate an excellent understanding of the order cycle & execution process ,  within a dynamic and fast moving environment .  this role is the single point of contact for the account ,  regarding all operations issues ,  from pre - purchase order activities ,  supply commitment ,  target wos attainment ,  to proof of delivery  ( pod )    act as first point of escalation for both internal groups and partners / customers   answering customer enquiries via both phone and email   managing the end - to - end order fulfillment process   undertaking proactive communication to partners / customers on apple order status and products   remain knowledgable of partner / customer performance requirements ,  product line and service offerings   act as the single point of contact for communicating operational issues and solutions   achieve specific performance goals ,  both team & individual .    may represent apple externally at customer forums such as ,  apr forums ,  may drive process improvement and fulfillment strategy improvements as needed   education  bachelor degree in business ,  mathmatics or engineering or equivalent experience in operations / supply chain .        
   job number  20670190   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  dec .  3 ,  2012   category  corporate   job summary  imagine what you could do here .  at apple ,  great ideas have a way of becoming great products ,  services ,  and customer experiences very quickly .  bring passion and dedication to your job and there s no telling what you could accomplish .    qualifications     see below    description  this is an entry - level emc engineering position for a recent college graduate looking to begin or continue a career in emc engineering .  this position will support the emc design and test of apple hardware products .  requirements   - bs / msee or bs / msme  - knowledge in rf design ,  microwave ,  and signal integrity is beneficial  - excellent problem solving skills  - strong written and oral communication skills  - excellent organizational skills  - highly motivated   education    detail page url  https  /  / jobs . apple . com .  .  .      
   job number  27494334   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  aug .  28 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  the environmental technologies group is seeking an intern to assist with investigations into environmentally sensitive materials ,  such as materials containing recycled content ,  renewable bio - based content ,  higher recyclability ,  and other attributes that reduce environmental impact .  the intern will support research into new materials with apples materials teams ,  drive material trials with suppliers and qualification testing with cross - functional teams .  ,  the intern will also support work on material guidelines for these new categories of materials .    qualifications     materials or polymer engineering background  final year of undergraduate studies or masters student   effective program management abilities ,  particularly across cross - functional teams ,  is desired   strong interest in bio - based polymers and sustainable materials is desired   specialization in polymers is a plus   familiarity with life cycle assessment and toxicological assessments are a plus    description  this position is offered in apple s environmental technologies group within apple s hardware engineering division .  our mission is to deliver the world s leading programs on the elimination of hazardous substances ,  improved material and energy efficiency as well as design for recycling .  apple believes that major improvements in environmental performance will be delivered through product design and innovation which start at the material level .    education  currently enrolled in a bs / ms or phd engineering degree       
   job number  29277544   address  austin ,  texas ,  united states   posted  aug .  21 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  apple wellness offers a hands - on internship for undergraduate and graduate students in the field of exercise physiology ,  health and wellness and kinesiology .   the internship offers experience in both the fitness center and in the preventive care settings .  students gain practical experience in lifestyle counseling ,  exercise prescription ,  and exercise leadership for a large and diverse population .    qualifications     students must be enrolled in school for the duration of the internship and receiving school credit for the internship .    an internship must be required in order to graduate .     description  students must have experience in or knowledge of   -  weight training and the design of personal exercise programs  -  prepping and assisting with maximal graded exercise tests  -  performing a variety of fitness tests such as body composition  -  general nutrition and dietary analysis  -  must have completed coursework in exercise physiology ,  health promotion ,  kinesiology or a similar curriculum ,  and be knowledgeable of acsm guidelines .   -  good communication skills and high level of professionalism are essential  patient / client interaction is a vital aspect of our program .   -  interns are expected to be highly motivated ,  organized ,  self - directed and open to feedback to insure a beneficial internship experience .    education  currently pursuing a bachelors or masters degree in kinesiology ,  health and exercise science ,  public health ,  or related major .        
   job number  29277544   address  austin ,  texas ,  united states   posted  aug .  21 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  apple wellness offers a hands - on internship for undergraduate and graduate students in the field of exercise physiology ,  health and wellness and kinesiology .   the internship offers experience in both the fitness center and in the preventive care settings .  students gain practical experience in lifestyle counseling ,  exercise prescription ,  and exercise leadership for a large and diverse population .    qualifications     students must be enrolled in school for the duration of the internship and receiving school credit for the internship .    an internship must be required in order to graduate .     description  students must have experience in or knowledge of   -  weight training and the design of personal exercise programs  -  prepping and assisting with maximal graded exercise tests  -  performing a variety of fitness tests such as body composition  -  general nutrition and dietary analysis  -  must have completed coursework in exercise physiology ,  health promotion ,  kinesiology or a similar curriculum ,  and be knowledgeable of acsm guidelines .   -  good communication skills and high level of professionalism are essential  patient / client interaction is a vital aspect of our program .   -  interns are expected to be highly motivated ,  organized ,  self - directed and open to feedback to insure a beneficial internship experience .    education  currently pursuing a bachelors or masters degree in kinesiology ,  health and exercise science ,  public health ,  or related major .    detail page url  https  /  / jobs . apple . com .  .  .      
   job number  29277434   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  aug .  21 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  apple wellness offers a hands - on internship for undergraduate and graduate students in the field of exercise physiology ,  health and wellness and kinesiology .   the internship offers experience in both the fitness center and in the preventive care settings .  students gain practical experience in lifestyle counseling ,  exercise prescription ,  and exercise leadership for a large and diverse population .  interns will have the opportunity to assist with clinical testing including resting and exercise ekgs ,  maximal stress testing and vo2 - max testing .    qualifications     students must be enrolled in school for the duration of the internship and receiving school credit for the internship .    an internship must be required in order to graduate .     description  students must have experience in or knowledge of   -  weight training and the design of personal exercise programs  -  prepping and assisting with maximal graded exercise tests  -  performing a variety of fitness tests such as body composition  -  general nutrition and dietary analysis  -  must have completed coursework in exercise physiology ,  health promotion ,  kinesiology or a similar curriculum ,  and be knowledgeable of acsm guidelines .   -  good communication skills and high level of professionalism are essential  patient / client interaction is a vital aspect of our program .   -  interns are expected to be highly motivated ,  organized ,  self - directed and open to feedback to insure a beneficial internship experience .  the duration of the internship is 15 to 20 weeks and compensation includes hourly salary ,  relocation ,  and housing assistance .    education  currently pursuing a bachelors or masters degree in kinesiology ,  health and exercise science ,  public health ,  or related major .        
   job number  29640340   address  santa clara valley ,  california ,  united states   posted  sep .  11 ,  2013   category  corporate   job summary  our software engineers are the brains behind some of the industrys biggest breakthroughs .  os x ,  siri ,  and icloud not to mention the system - level software for iphone and apple tv all started here .  this team is on the front line of apples constant charge toward innovation .  software engineering opportunities at apple cover a wide range from the kernel to web development to ios apps .  each internship has a unique set of qualifications ,  some of which are listed below .  a recruiter will review your resume and direct it to the team or teams which is the best fit for your skills and experience .    qualifications     proficiency in one or more programming languages such as c ,  c++ ,  or objective - c   experience with scripting languages such as python ,  perl ,  or ruby   experience with web development technologies including php ,  html ,  css ,  or javascript   experience with unix and / or os x preferred   for graphics - related roles ,  experience with opengl and opencl   strong analytical and problem solving skills   excellent written and verbal communication skills    description  areas you can work in  core os os x frameworks and applications  interactive media group  audio / video  development technologies  software integration  localization  advanced computation  ilife ,  iwork ,  aperture ,  and pro apps  embedded platform  iphone applications and frameworks  human interface design  internet technologies  platform experience  wireless technologies  internet software and services   education  currently enrolled in a bs ,  ms or phd program in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  hci / ui ,  software engineering ,  electrical and computer engineering ,  or similar degree       
 job description  responsibilities may be quite diverse of a software technical nature .  experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job .   qualifications  you must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work / classes / research and / or relevant previous job and / or internship experiences .   minimum qualifications   -  must be pursuing a bs degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  and / or electrical engineering   -  must have the unrestricted right to work in the us without requiring sponsorship  +requirements for the position include   -  strong c coding experience  -  experience with software development in linux  -  a strong understanding of scalable algorithms  job category   software engineering  primary location   usa - pennsylvania ,  philadelphia  full / part time   full time  job type   student / intern  regular / temporary   temporary  posting date   sep 17 ,  2013  apply before  ongoing  business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .   intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .   iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .   the intel fabric software development team is looking for a software development intern to work in our king of prussia design center to facilitate the delivery of the next generation intel fabric products for high performance computing  ( hpc )  .   hpc is being used today to help solve some of the world s most challenging scientific needs ,  including fusion energy ,  bio - medical research ,  physics ,  as well as traditional engineering such as aeronautic and automotive engineering .   the king of prussia design center is focused around the fabric management and io stack needs of large scale hpc and datacenter fabrics .   this includes configuring routing ,  qos ,  congestion control and security for all ports and switches in the fabric .   it also includes the development of io protocols ,  io stacks and apis .  given the sizes of hpc fabrics and the performance requirements ,  there are many unique challenges to solve .   the student will be exposed to a variety of leading edge technologies including   -  development of hpc fabric technologies enabling the construction of the largest hpc systems in the world .   with server counts ranging from 100 to 10 , 000s servers in a single fabric potentially all working on a single computational application .   -  the latest high performance server cpus and systems  -  configuration management and software engineering for very large scale products and projects encompassing 10s of millions of lines of code .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 job description  responsibilities may be quite diverse of a software technical nature .  experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job .   qualifications  you must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work / classes / research and / or relevant previous job and / or internship experiences .   minimum qualifications   -  must be pursuing a ms or phd degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  and / or electrical engineering  requirements for the position include   -  strong c coding experience  -  experience with software development in linux  -  a strong understanding of scalable algorithms  job category   software engineering  primary location   usa - pennsylvania ,  philadelphia  full / part time   full time  job type   student / intern  regular / temporary   temporary  posting date   sep 17 ,  2013  apply before  ongoing  business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .   intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .   iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .   the intel fabric software development team is looking for a software development intern to work in our king of prussia design center to facilitate the delivery of the next generation intel fabric products for high performance computing  ( hpc )  .   hpc is being used today to help solve some of the world s most challenging scientific needs ,  including fusion energy ,  bio - medical research ,  physics ,  as well as traditional engineering such as aeronautic and automotive engineering .   the king of prussia design center is focused around the fabric management and io stack needs of large scale hpc and datacenter fabrics .   this includes configuring routing ,  qos ,  congestion control and security for all ports and switches in the fabric .   it also includes the development of io protocols ,  io stacks and apis .  given the sizes of hpc fabrics and the performance requirements ,  there are many unique challenges to solve .   the student will be exposed to a variety of leading edge technologies including   -  development of hpc fabric technologies enabling the construction of the largest hpc systems in the world .   with server counts ranging from 100 to 10 , 000s servers in a single fabric potentially all working on a single computational application .   -  the latest high performance server cpus and systems  -  configuration management and software engineering for very large scale products and projects encompassing 10s of millions of lines of code .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 undergrad intern technical  -  717877 description job description  in this position ,  you may be involved with one or more of the following  1 )  validation engineering interns are responsible for finding logic bugs present in the microprocessor design via simulation and formal methods .  knowledge of digital logic design ,  software engineering ,  and computer architecture are preferred .  on the job you will learn other skills such as modeling techniques and verification methodologies .  core responsibilities include ,  but are not limited to   -  analyzing microarchitectural features to identify possible problem areas  -  designing ,  running ,  and debugging tests ,  and analyzing possible fixes  -  writing software to provide controllability and observability into the architectural model  -  the creation and optimization of the validation environment ,  tools ,  capabilities ,  and methodologies 2 )  logic design engineering interns are responsible for rtl coding and microarchitecture design on leading edge intel processors .  candidates will work within a large ,  highly experienced team of engineers where both collaboration and individual problem solving are required and encouraged .  core responsibilities include   -  working with experienced logic designers to assist in defining functionality and delivering rtl that meets the project requirements  -  working with validation engineers to insure correct functionality of the design  -  working with circuit design engineers to meet timing ,  power ,  and area constraints 3 )  test technology engineering interns develop and execute structural automatic test pattern generation  ( atpg )  and / or functional test generation solutions for next generation microprocessors .  responsibilities include tool & flow development and deployment to maximize fault coverage and test quality ,  facilitate low coverage debug & diagnosis ,  and minimize test development and application costs .  activities also include test pattern generation and validation and working with the product development team to debug and characterize product .  qualifications you must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work / classes / research and / or relevant previous job and / or internship experiences .  minimum qualifications   -  must be pursuing a bs degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  and / or electrical engineering and a minimum cumulative gpa of 3 . 0 .   -  must have the unrestricted right to work in the us without requiring sponsorship validation interns  useful courses and skills include c++ and object oriented programming ,  data structures and algorithms ,  digital logic ,  computer architecture ,  assembly language ,  and familiarity with hardware description languages .  logic design interns  useful courses and skills include hardware description languages such as verilog / vhdl ,  logic simulators ,  perl ,  computer architecture ,  and knowledge of circuits and validation .  test technology interns  useful courses and skills include knowledge of digital logic ,  vlsi circuit design ,  and computer architecture .  knowledge of perl ,  c++ ,  hdl ,  and assembly language programming desired .  exposure to digital systems testing ,  testable design ,  or design - for - test  ( dft )  principles a plus .  job category  engineering primary location  usa - california ,  folsom full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  aug 18 ,  2013 apply before  aug 18 ,  2014 business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .  intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .  iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 server firmware engineer intern  -  717393 description job description  in this position ,  you will be joining the server management firmware team .  you will have the opportunity to design and implement firmware targeted at server management and power and thermal management for mega data centers  ( a . k . a .  internet portal data centers )  .  you will work with a team of senior intel engineers to help explore new firmware architecture ,  establish viable and reusable firmware designs ,  and implement and test the required functionality .  qualifications you must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work / classes / research and / or relevant previous job and / or internship experiences .  minimum qualifications   -  must be pursuing a ms or phd degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  and / or electrical engineering additional qualifications include   -  background in intel architecture and / or micro - architecture with knowledge of processor ,  chipset ,  memory ,  i / o - subsystems ,  and bus protocols  -  well versed in software engineering practices  -  solid experience in c development in an embedded environment  -  solid experience in low level kernel and os subsystems  -  well versed in multithreaded environment such as linux and threadx or other rtos  -  hands on experience in source - level debugging ,  i2c ,  oscilloscope and / or bus analyzers  -  ability to study and analyze hardware schematic as part of trouble shooting and creating rework instructions  -  familiar in agile and scrum methods is a plus  -  experience with ipmi specification is a plus  -  c++ ,  c# ,  tcl ,  scripting and vector cast experience is a plus  -  quick learner and be able to handle complex problems related to firmware and its interaction with the hardware job category  engineering primary location  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  aug 18 ,  2013 apply before  ongoing business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .  intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .  iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 job description   be an integral part of driving the global strategies & solutions of intel s award winning supply chain .  intel corporation has exciting technology manufacturing engineering  ( tme )  internship opportunities for graduate students .  as a member of the tme team ,  you will be a full business partner ,  making and influencing business decisions that optimize intel s supply chain .   the scope of technology manufacturing engineering  ( tme )  engagement follows the equipment life cycle .  first engagement begins 3 - 4 generations upstream to ensure a healthy ecosystem and provide investment and collaboration support to component research activities .  our level of engagement increases through pathfinding ,  development ,  and hvm ramp phases .  after successful process transfer from td to manufacturing ,  tme provides sustaining support for upgrades ,  spares ,  service ,  technical training and end - of - life management .   interns will undertake a project designed to utilize existing skills and experience and provide an opportunity for professional growth .  additionally ,  the tme intern program includes practical training and educational events ,  networking / social opportunities ,  and exposure to senior leadership .  intern projects are unique to the specific business need ,  but responsibilities and analyses may include   -  environmental social governance  -  equipment workforce capability  -  capital planning and procurement  -  quality management  /  systems  -  fatory ramp and risk mitigation  -  controls  rponsibilities may be quite diverse and are exempt non - technical in nature .  u . s .  experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job .  job assignments are typically the summer or for short time periods during breaks from school .   qualifications  technology manufacturing engineering  ( tme )  is looking for 2014 mba candidates specializing in supply chain management with up to 5 years of experience .  ideal candidates will possess a firm grasp of supply chain fundamentals and demonstrate strong analytical ,  problem solving ,  business strategy ,  innovation ,  influence ,  leadership and communication skills .  the ideal candidate will also have a demonstrated ability to work in a dynamic ,  cross functional ,  team - oriented environment .  direct supply chain experience ,  and / or technical degrees and experience are a plus .  we have positions available in portland ,  oregon and phoenix ,  arizona .  candidates must have the unrestricted right to work in the us without requiring sponsorship .   job category   materials / planning / purchasing  primary location   usa - arizona ,  phoenix  other locations   usa - oregon ,  hillsboro  full / part time   full time  job type   student / intern  regular / temporary   temporary  posting date   sep 16 ,  2013  apply before  nov 28 ,  2013  business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .   employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 job description  intel technology development and manufacturing  -  manufacturing quality systems group  -  td si integration  the td silicon integration group designs ,  creates ,  ramps ,  and transfers quality systems to be utilized in intel s semiconductor manufacturing virtual factory .  in this position you will be providing elements of the systems which will be utilizing in intel s next generation manufacturing systems utilizing world class algorithms and methodologies .   this position will focus upon development and application of novel data mining ,  advanced / predictive analytics ,  cluster analysis ,  machine learning or other types of data extraction techniques for the purpose of finding relationships within the manufacturing process and making recommendations which would be applied towards implementing solutions .   project will focus upon a particular segment of data extraction and modeling which will require usage of virtual machine with database along with creation of web - based trends of model results .   internships last three months .   qualifications  minimum qualifications  this is an internship opportunity for a graduate student working towards a ph . d .  degree in computer science or related discipline .   preferred qualifications   - experience programming with formal language  ( c , c++ ,  c# ,  etc .  )  and scripting language  ( awk ,  perl ,  python ,  sql ,  tcl ,  vbscript ,  java ,  etc .  )   - experience with sequel or sql data extraction .   - experience with microsoft server products -  sql management studio ,  sql server ,  visual studio ,  sql reporting services and web deployment with cube refresh  - experience with statistical analysis packages  ( e . g .  sas ,  jmp ,  minitab ,  r ,  etc .  )   - experience with extremely large data sets in storage ,  manipulation ,  and extraction .   - experience with problem solving and overcoming difficult challenges .   - prior intel intern or scholarship recipient  job category   engineering  primary location   usa - oregon ,  hillsboro  full / part time   full time  job type   student / intern  regular / temporary   temporary  posting date   sep 16 ,  2013  apply before  feb 27 ,  2014  business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .   employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .   multiple student interns in the same department as well as the site and excellent opportunities to understand intel s culture and business .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 back end graphics intern  -  716270 description job description  candidate will be joining the da team within the visual and parallel computing group  ( vpg )  and working on graphics processor design for client cpu / soc products on latest generation process technology .  candidate will have opportunity to participate in wide variety of areas developing ,  deploying and supporting cad solutions covering synthesis / apr ,  layout verification ,  reliability verification ,  density improvement and design efficiency on current and future graphics designs .  candidate will closely collaborate with structural design teams within vpg and other da / dts teams on methodology development and new tool initiatives .  qualifications candidate should possess a degree in electrical engineering or computer engineering .  the candiate should also have the following skills   -  strong unix skills  -  programming skills in tcl ,  perl ,  and shell scripting .   -  experience in usage of layout verification / synthesis / place & route tools  -  experience in cpu / asic design methodology and flow development ,  particularly in the layout verification and structural design domains .   -  good understanding of overall cpu / soc design cycle and requirements  -  good interpersonal and communication skills are necessary to interface with customers .  job category  engineering primary location  usa - california ,  folsom full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  jul 18 ,  2013 apply before  jun 29 ,  2014 business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .  intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .  iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 at intel ,  we believe that the best mba graduates can develop into some of the future leaders of our company .  that s why we created the accelerated leadership program ,  a chance for you to collaborate with senior leaders and managers on some of the biggest strategic opportunities and challenges facing our company .  you will immediately put your creativity ,  education ,  and experience to work in three high - impact ,  high - visibility rotations that will challenge your creativity and innovative thinking ,  test your experience ,  and allow you demonstrate your capabilities ,  while delivering on specific goals established for you .  in this position ,  you will be right in the center of the technology that s changing the lives of people around the world ,  supporting not only our relentless focus on building the best microprocessors ,  but driving our business toward new multibillion - dollar growth opportunities in consumer electronics ,  mobile devices ,  services ,  and software .   your responsibilities will include   -  three 8 - month rotations through various business groups with a final placement role that matches your career interests and skills upon completion of the program .   ( rotations may include ,  but are not limited to ,  business and market development ,  strategic planning ,  product marketing ,  corporate marketing ,  finance ,  manufacturing ,  operations ,  field sales .  )   -  a focus on solving real problems while gaining insight into intel s business strategy ,  operations ,  and leadership .   - participation in a training curriculum specially designed to accelerate your growth and development as a leader  qualifications  you must have   -  the unrestricted right to work in the united states of america without sponsorship .   -  an m . b . a .  completed between may 2012 and july 2014 .   -  a minimum of 6 years of full time ,  professional work experience .   -  passion for innovative technology that changes the way people work ,  live and play .   -  strong strategic thinking ,  leadership ,  influencing ,  teamwork ,  and problem solving skills .   -  exceptional oral and written communication skills .   -  a strong desire to work and deliver results in a fast - moving ,  dynamic ,  global ,  team - oriented environment  - experience in the technology sector or undergraduate / graduate studies in engineering or computer science are not required ,  but can be a helpful asset to this role  job category   general  primary location   usa - california ,  santa clara  other locations   usa - california ,  folsom ,  usa - arizona ,  phoenix ,  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro  full / part time   full time  job type   college graduate  regular / temporary   regular  posting date   aug 30 ,  2013  apply before  sep 30 ,  2013  business group intel s human resources group is responsible for hiring ,  developing and retaining the best and brightest employees while continuing to strengthen the company s culture and values .  intel human resources provides first - rate ,  cost - effective services and support to employees worldwide and is dedicated to advancing intel s business goals .   this is a general management leadership development program that is housed in hr .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 systems analyst intern  -  719513 description this position will expose you to business process and system analyst work .  tools and technologies you may be exposed to ,  but not limited to are  sap ,  livecompare ,  wiki s ,  alm ,  itube ,  service now ,  infopak ,  and others .  the position primarily focuses on comprehending customer business requirements ,  recommending a solution and then implementing the solution .  you ll meet with subject matter experts ,  determine solution resourcing needs ,  develop use cases ,  research technical solutions options ,  perform project planning ,  configure or code the technical solution ,  test ,  and present demo s .  learning how to create user desktop procedures ,  job aids and technical documentation will also be performed .  responsibilities may be quite diverse of a nonexempt technical nature .  u . s .  experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job .  job assignments are usually for the summer or for short periods during breaks from school .  qualifications must be actively pursuing a bachelor s degree in computer science ,  information systems ,  or equivalent .  must have the unrestricted right to work in the us without sponsorship .  job category  engineering primary location  usa - california ,  santa clara full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  sep 15 ,  2013 apply before  sep 15 ,  2014 business group intel s information technology group  ( it )  designs ,  deploys and supports the information technology architecture and hardware / software applications for intel .  this includes the lan ,  wan ,  telephony ,  data centers ,  client pcs ,  backup and restore ,  and enterprise applications .  it is also responsible for e - commerce development ,  data hosting and delivery of web content and services .  this position will expose you to business process and system analyst work .  tools and technologies you may be exposed to ,  but not limited to are  sap ,  livecompare ,  wiki s ,  alm ,  itube ,  service now ,  infopak ,  and others .  the position primarily focuses on comprehending customer business requirements ,  recommending a solution and then implementing the solution .  you ll meet with subject matter experts ,  determine solution resourcing needs ,  develop use cases ,  research technical solutions options ,  perform project planning ,  configure or code the technical solution ,  test ,  and present demo s .  learning how to create user desktop procedures ,  job aids and technical documentation will also be performed .  the intern systems analyst performs this function as part of a team for small projects ,  this candidate should be on track to achieve a bachelors degree in computer science ,  business administration ,  mis ,  cs ,  is  ( or equivalent degree )  requires solid technical foundation and demonstrated ability to translate business requirements into technical solution .  must have the unrestricted rigth to work in the us without sponsorship .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 advanced analytics development and deployment intern  -  719746 description job description  intel technology development and manufacturing  -  manufacturing quality systems group  -  td si integration the td silicon integration group designs ,  creates ,  ramps ,  and transfers quality systems to be utilized in intel s semiconductor manufacturing virtual factory .  in this position you will be providing elements of the systems which will be utilizing in intel s next generation manufacturing systems utilizing world class algorithms and methodologies .  this position will focus upon development and application of novel data mining ,  advanced / predictive analytics ,  cluster analysis ,  machine learning or other types of data extraction techniques for the purpose of finding relationships within the manufacturing process and making recommendations which would be applied towards implementing solutions .  project will focus upon a particular segment of data extraction and modeling which will require usage of virtual machine with database along with creation of web - based trends of model results .  internships last three months .  qualifications minimum qualifications  this is an internship opportunity for a graduate student working towards a ph . d .  degree in computer science or related discipline .  preferred qualifications   - experience programming with formal language  ( c , c++ ,  c# ,  etc .  )  and scripting language  ( awk ,  perl ,  python ,  sql ,  tcl ,  vbscript ,  java ,  etc .  )   - experience with sequel or sql data extraction .   - experience with microsoft server products -  sql management studio ,  sql server ,  visual studio ,  sql reporting services and web deployment with cube refresh  - experience with statistical analysis packages  ( e . g .  sas ,  jmp ,  minitab ,  r ,  etc .  )   - experience with extremely large data sets in storage ,  manipulation ,  and extraction .   - experience with problem solving and overcoming difficult challenges .   - prior intel intern or scholarship recipient job category  engineering primary location  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  sep 16 ,  2013 apply before  feb 27 ,  2014 business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .  employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .  multiple student interns in the same department as well as the site and excellent opportunities to understand intel s culture and business .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 job description  process technology development engineer defines roadmaps to meet requirements ,  goals and milestones for a new technology process .  defines and establishes flow ,  procedures ,  and equipment configuration for the module .  selects and develops material and equipment for the process to meet quality ,  reliability ,  cost ,  yield ,  productivity and manufacturability requirements .  plans and conducts experiments to fully characterize the process throughout the development cycle .  drives improvements on quality ,  reliability ,  cost ,  yield ,  process stability / capability ,  productivity and safety / ergonomic over variables such as material ,  method ,  equipment ,  environment and operating personnel .  develops solutions to problems utilizing formal education ,  statistical knowledge ,  and problem - solving tools .  establishes process control systems for the process module and sustains the module through volume ramp .  develops strategy to resolve difficult problems and establishes systems to deal with these problems in the future .  trains production / receiving process engineers for transfer to other factories .  transfers process to high volume manufacturing and provide support in new factory start - up as well as install and qualification of the new production lines .  process td engineers in the logic technology development reliability group are part of technology development and manufacturing network responsible for defining reliability requirements and ensuring components achieve company objectives .   your responsibilities may include but not be limited to   - designing and executing experiments to determine the necessary parameters for reliability model development and validation .   - developing new acceleration techniques and analytical tools to assure the early identification of potential reliability problems with new products ,  packaging ,  boards ,  and manufacturing processes .   - developing risk assessments and making quality and reliability predictions based on data that you will collect using statistical principles and design of experiments fundamentals  - evaluating materials ,  properties and techniques used in production from a reliability standpoint .   - creating reliability design layout rules and specifications .   - advising design engineering on selection ,  application and test of electronic components and systems .   - collaboration with cross functional teams to solve technical  /  reliability issues during technology development and ramp to high - volume manufacturing .   - recommending process technology certification evaluation and acceptance criteria .   - recommending material ,  design or test methods and statistical process control procedures for achieving required levels of product reliability .   - partners may include logic technology development  ( ltd )  ,  wafer fab manufacturing and test  ( fsm )  ,  assembly & test technology development  ( attd )  ,  assembly and test manufacturing  ( atm )  ,  intel custom foundry  ( icf )  ,  and partners within intel s customer quality network  ( cqn )  focused on product ,  development ,  and manufacturing reliability .   qualifications  qualifications  you must possess the minimum qualifications to be considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience can be obtained through a combination of prior education ,  current ph . d .  course work ,  projects ,  research and any relevant prior job / internships .   minimum qualifications  this is an entry level position for a college graduate with a ph . d .  degree in electrical engineering ,  material science ,  physics or related discipline .   preferred qualifications   - experience in experimental design ,  execution ,  and interpretation .   - experience with electron device fabrication and characterization .   - experience with electrical measurement equipment in characterizing electron devices  ( e . g .  hp4155 ,  oscilloscope ,  etc .  )   - experience with a range of analytical techniques such as sims ,  eel ,  edx ,  xps ,  auger ,  acoustic profiling ,  ftir ,  afm ,  etc .   - experience with various lab imaging techniques  ( sem ,  fib ,  tem ,  etc .  )   - knowledge in one or more of the following areas electron device fabrication ,  semiconductor device physics ,  cmos transistor level circuit design ,  interconnect reliability ,  soft error rate and circuit simulations ,  pcb fabrication principles ,  surface mount assembly ,  board test methods ,  solder and laminate material behavior under mechanical or thermo - mechanical conditions .   - knowledge of semiconductor wafer fabrication process and process integration challenges .   - knowledge of silicon and packaging assembly integration ,  or pcb technology operations  - understanding of reliability failure statistics ,  physics ,  or failure mechanisms .   - experience programming with formal language  ( c , c++ ,  c# ,  etc .  )  and scripting language  ( awk ,  perl ,  python ,  sql ,  tcl ,  vbscript ,  etc .  )   - experience with sequel or sql data extraction .   - experience with statistical analysis packages  ( e . g .  sas ,  jmp ,  minitab ,  r ,  etc .  )   - prior intel intern or scholarship recipient  job category   engineering  primary location   usa - oregon ,  hillsboro  full / part time   full time  job type   college graduate  regular / temporary   regular  posting date   sep 16 ,  2013  apply before  may 31 ,  2014  business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .   employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 logic technology development reliability engineer  -  719752 description job description  process technology development engineer defines roadmaps to meet requirements ,  goals and milestones for a new technology process .  defines and establishes flow ,  procedures ,  and equipment configuration for the module .  selects and develops material and equipment for the process to meet quality ,  reliability ,  cost ,  yield ,  productivity and manufacturability requirements .  plans and conducts experiments to fully characterize the process throughout the development cycle .  drives improvements on quality ,  reliability ,  cost ,  yield ,  process stability / capability ,  productivity and safety / ergonomic over variables such as material ,  method ,  equipment ,  environment and operating personnel .  develops solutions to problems utilizing formal education ,  statistical knowledge ,  and problem - solving tools .  establishes process control systems for the process module and sustains the module through volume ramp .  develops strategy to resolve difficult problems and establishes systems to deal with these problems in the future .  trains production / receiving process engineers for transfer to other factories .  transfers process to high volume manufacturing and provide support in new factory start - up as well as install and qualification of the new production lines .  process td engineers in the logic technology development reliability group are part of technology development and manufacturing network responsible for defining reliability requirements and ensuring components achieve company objectives .  your responsibilities may include but not be limited to   - designing and executing experiments to determine the necessary parameters for reliability model development and validation .   - developing new acceleration techniques and analytical tools to assure the early identification of potential reliability problems with new products ,  packaging ,  boards ,  and manufacturing processes .   - developing risk assessments and making quality and reliability predictions based on data that you will collect using statistical principles and design of experiments fundamentals  - evaluating materials ,  properties and techniques used in production from a reliability standpoint .   - creating reliability design layout rules and specifications .   - advising design engineering on selection ,  application and test of electronic components and systems .   - collaboration with cross functional teams to solve technical  /  reliability issues during technology development and ramp to high - volume manufacturing .   - recommending process technology certification evaluation and acceptance criteria .   - recommending material ,  design or test methods and statistical process control procedures for achieving required levels of product reliability .   - partners may include logic technology development  ( ltd )  ,  wafer fab manufacturing and test  ( fsm )  ,  assembly & test technology development  ( attd )  ,  assembly and test manufacturing  ( atm )  ,  intel custom foundry  ( icf )  ,  and partners within intel s customer quality network  ( cqn )  focused on product ,  development ,  and manufacturing reliability .  qualifications qualifications  you must possess the minimum qualifications to be considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience can be obtained through a combination of prior education ,  current ph . d .  course work ,  projects ,  research and any relevant prior job / internships .  minimum qualifications  this is an entry level position for a college graduate with a ph . d .  degree in electrical engineering ,  material science ,  physics or related discipline .  preferred qualifications   - experience in experimental design ,  execution ,  and interpretation .   - experience with electron device fabrication and characterization .   - experience with electrical measurement equipment in characterizing electron devices  ( e . g .  hp4155 ,  oscilloscope ,  etc .  )   - experience with a range of analytical techniques such as sims ,  eel ,  edx ,  xps ,  auger ,  acoustic profiling ,  ftir ,  afm ,  etc .   - experience with various lab imaging techniques  ( sem ,  fib ,  tem ,  etc .  )   - knowledge in one or more of the following areas electron device fabrication ,  semiconductor device physics ,  cmos transistor level circuit design ,  interconnect reliability ,  soft error rate and circuit simulations ,  pcb fabrication principles ,  surface mount assembly ,  board test methods ,  solder and laminate material behavior under mechanical or thermo - mechanical conditions .   - knowledge of semiconductor wafer fabrication process and process integration challenges .   - knowledge of silicon and packaging assembly integration ,  or pcb technology operations  - understanding of reliability failure statistics ,  physics ,  or failure mechanisms .   - experience programming with formal language  ( c , c++ ,  c# ,  etc .  )  and scripting language  ( awk ,  perl ,  python ,  sql ,  tcl ,  vbscript ,  etc .  )   - experience with sequel or sql data extraction .   - experience with statistical analysis packages  ( e . g .  sas ,  jmp ,  minitab ,  r ,  etc .  )   - prior intel intern or scholarship recipient job category  engineering primary location  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  college graduate regular / temporary  regular posting date  sep 16 ,  2013 apply before  may 31 ,  2014 business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .  employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 logic technology development reliability intern  -  719731 description job description  responsibilities may consist of measurement data acquisition and analysis of electron devices ,  building device level models ,  or other types of data analysis related to transistor ,  interconnect ,  defect reliability ,  si - package interaction ,  or soft error rate development efforts .  intern will be responsible for data collection ,  analysis ,  model formulation ,  and communicating results based on a 3 month summer project .  qualifications qualifications  you must possess the minimum qualifications to be considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience can be obtained through a combination of prior education ,  current ph . d .  course work ,  projects ,  research and any relevant prior job / internships .  minimum qualifications  this is an entry level position for a college graduate student working towards a ph . d .  degree in electrical engineering ,  material science ,  physics or related discipline .  preferred qualifications   - experience in experimental design ,  execution ,  and interpretation .   - experience with electron device fabrication and characterization .   - experience with electrical measurement equipment in characterizing electron devices  ( e . g .  hp4155 ,  oscilloscope ,  etc .  )   - experience with a range of analytical techniques such as sims ,  eel ,  edx ,  xps ,  auger ,  acoustic profiling ,  ftir ,  afm ,  etc .   - experience with various lab imaging techniques  ( sem ,  fib ,  tem ,  etc .  )   - knowledge in one or more of the following areas electron device fabrication ,  semiconductor device physics ,  cmos transistor level circuit design ,  interconnect reliability ,  soft error rate and circuit simulations ,  pcb fabrication principles ,  surface mount assembly ,  board test methods ,  solder and laminate material behavior under mechanical or thermo - mechanical conditions .   - knowledge of semiconductor wafer fabrication process and process integration challenges .   - knowledge of silicon and packaging assembly integration ,  or pcb technology operations  - understanding of reliability failure statistics ,  physics ,  or failure mechanisms .   - experience programming with formal language  ( c , c++ ,  c# ,  etc .  )  and scripting language  ( awk ,  perl ,  python ,  sql ,  tcl ,  vbscript ,  etc .  )   - experience with sequel or sql data extraction .   - experience with statistical analysis packages  ( e . g .  sas ,  jmp ,  minitab ,  r ,  etc .  )   - prior intel intern or scholarship recipient job category  engineering primary location  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  sep 13 ,  2013 apply before  dec 30 ,  2013 business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .  employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .  intern will be one of several within the department .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 job description  responsibilities may consist of measurement data acquisition and analysis of electron devices ,  building device level models ,  or other types of data analysis related to transistor ,  interconnect ,  defect reliability ,  si - package interaction ,  or soft error rate development efforts .  intern will be responsible for data collection ,  analysis ,  model formulation ,  and communicating results based on a 3 month summer project .   qualifications  qualifications  you must possess the minimum qualifications to be considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience can be obtained through a combination of prior education ,  current ph . d .  course work ,  projects ,  research and any relevant prior job / internships .   minimum qualifications  this is an entry level position for a college graduate student working towards a ph . d .  degree in electrical engineering ,  material science ,  physics or related discipline .   preferred qualifications   - experience in experimental design ,  execution ,  and interpretation .   - experience with electron device fabrication and characterization .   - experience with electrical measurement equipment in characterizing electron devices  ( e . g .  hp4155 ,  oscilloscope ,  etc .  )   - experience with a range of analytical techniques such as sims ,  eel ,  edx ,  xps ,  auger ,  acoustic profiling ,  ftir ,  afm ,  etc .   - experience with various lab imaging techniques  ( sem ,  fib ,  tem ,  etc .  )   - knowledge in one or more of the following areas electron device fabrication ,  semiconductor device physics ,  cmos transistor level circuit design ,  interconnect reliability ,  soft error rate and circuit simulations ,  pcb fabrication principles ,  surface mount assembly ,  board test methods ,  solder and laminate material behavior under mechanical or thermo - mechanical conditions .   - knowledge of semiconductor wafer fabrication process and process integration challenges .   - knowledge of silicon and packaging assembly integration ,  or pcb technology operations  - understanding of reliability failure statistics ,  physics ,  or failure mechanisms .   - experience programming with formal language  ( c , c++ ,  c# ,  etc .  )  and scripting language  ( awk ,  perl ,  python ,  sql ,  tcl ,  vbscript ,  etc .  )   - experience with sequel or sql data extraction .   - experience with statistical analysis packages  ( e . g .  sas ,  jmp ,  minitab ,  r ,  etc .  )   - prior intel intern or scholarship recipient  job category   engineering  primary location   usa - oregon ,  hillsboro  full / part time   full time  job type   student / intern  regular / temporary   temporary  posting date   sep 13 ,  2013  apply before  dec 30 ,  2013  business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .   employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .   intern will be one of several within the department .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 test r&d engineer  -  714174 description this is an entry level position .  multiple positions are available in chandler ,  az and hillsboro ,  or .  job scope varies depending on the specific positions selected .  job description  performs research ,  design ,  and development of test equipment software ,  library ,  program flow ,  fixture ,  hardware ,  probing ,  module and / or tester for main and / or peripheral printed boards assembly  ( pba )  .  responsibilities include technology path - finding ,  architecture development ,  design material gathering ,  development of test strategy ,  device library ,  determining test parameters ,  specify test to be performed ,  conducting design review ,  designing test / fixture ,  performing fixture acceptance ,  debugging test / fixture ,  resolving design and implementation issues ,  performs testability and fault coverage analysis ,  meeting production quality and reliability requirement ,  and updating test / fixture as needed through product life cycle .  plans and schedules daily tasks ,  uses judgment on a variety of problems requiring deviation from standard practices .  inadequacies and erroneous decisions would cause moderate inconvenience and expense .  qualifications you must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  experience would be obtained through your educational level research and / or relevant job / internship experiences .  minimum qualifications  master of science in electrical engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  computer science ,  computer engineering or related discipline additional skill sets depend on specific positions selected  · experience with tester ,  test equipment ,  and / or test program development · product test engineering ,  silicon debug or product validation .  · familiarity with design for test  ( dft )  principles ,  test methods and nigh volume manufacturing testing · knowledge of 32 / 64 bit processors ,  scripting ,  unix ,  c / c++ and perl programming would be an advantage · knowledge of device physics ,  defect modeuling ,  and scan is a plus · ability to work well in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment · excellent communication skills job category  engineering primary location  usa - arizona ,  phoenix other locations   usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  college graduate regular / temporary  regular posting date  jun 14 ,  2013 apply before  jun 14 ,  2014 business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .  employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 this is an exciting entry level position for a college graduate .   as an application support and solution engineer ,  you will be a key member of the dts cds organization helping to build a strong solutions team in extraction and analysis domain .  you will develop and apply computer aided design  ( cad )  software engineering methods ,  theories and research techniques in the investigation and solution of technical problems .  you will be involved in assessing architecture and hardware limitations ,  planning technical projects in the design and development of cad software .  in addition you will be responsible to define and select new approaches and implementation of cad software engineering applications and design specifications and parameters .  you will develop routines and utility programs ,  prepares design specifications ,  analysis and recommendations for presentation and approval .  may specify materials ,  equipment and supplies required for completion of projects and may evaluate vendor capabilities to provide required products or services .   additional responsibilities will include ,  but not be limited to    -  working closely with the geo - dispersed and diverse design teams to understand the needs in the areas of parasitic estimation and extraction and work with the stakeholders to implement solutions   -  interface closely with internal cad development teams and with external cad vendors to define ,  co - develop and validate new features in the cad tools .    -  provide technical expertise ,  training ,  support and documentation on the supported tools and flows to cds customers .    -  prepares design specifications ,  analysis and makes recommendations on the product and get approval of stakeholders  qualifications  qualifications   you must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  experience would be obtained through your educational level research and / or relevant job / internship experiences .   minimum qualifications   master of science degree in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering or related discipline .   additional qualifications   ·         experience with eda tools such as icv / hercules ,  starrc ,  icc ,  calibre or qrc .   ·         strong understanding of cad systems for very large scale integration  ( vlsi )  design .   ·         strong understanding of parasitic extraction  ( r & c )  .   ·         working knowledge of c / c++ and proficiency in script writing in tcl ,  perl and unix / linux environment .   ·         effective verbal and written communication skills  ·         knowledge of reliability / performance verification is a plus .   ·         familiarity with quickcap or other field solver tools is a plus .   job category   engineering  primary location   usa - california ,  santa clara  full / part time   full time  job type   college graduate  regular / temporary   regular  posting date   sep 16 ,  2013  apply before  sep 16 ,  2014  business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .   employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 cad engineer  -  719766 description this is an exciting entry level position for a college graduate .  as an application support and solution engineer ,  you will be a key member of the dts cds organization helping to build a strong solutions team in extraction and analysis domain .  you will develop and apply computer aided design  ( cad )  software engineering methods ,  theories and research techniques in the investigation and solution of technical problems .  you will be involved in assessing architecture and hardware limitations ,  planning technical projects in the design and development of cad software .  in addition you will be responsible to define and select new approaches and implementation of cad software engineering applications and design specifications and parameters .  you will develop routines and utility programs ,  prepares design specifications ,  analysis and recommendations for presentation and approval .  may specify materials ,  equipment and supplies required for completion of projects and may evaluate vendor capabilities to provide required products or services .  additional responsibilities will include ,  but not be limited to   -  working closely with the geo - dispersed and diverse design teams to understand the needs in the areas of parasitic estimation and extraction and work with the stakeholders to implement solutions  -  interface closely with internal cad development teams and with external cad vendors to define ,  co - develop and validate new features in the cad tools .   -  provide technical expertise ,  training ,  support and documentation on the supported tools and flows to cds customers .   -  prepares design specifications ,  analysis and makes recommendations on the product and get approval of stakeholders qualifications qualifications  you must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  experience would be obtained through your educational level research and / or relevant job / internship experiences .  minimum qualifications  master of science degree in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering or related discipline .  additional qualifications  · experience with eda tools such as icv / hercules ,  starrc ,  icc ,  calibre or qrc .  · strong understanding of cad systems for very large scale integration  ( vlsi )  design .  · strong understanding of parasitic extraction  ( r & c )  .  · working knowledge of c / c++ and proficiency in script writing in tcl ,  perl and unix / linux environment .  · effective verbal and written communication skills · knowledge of reliability / performance verification is a plus .  · familiarity with quickcap or other field solver tools is a plus .  job category  engineering primary location  usa - california ,  santa clara full / part time  full time job type  college graduate regular / temporary  regular posting date  sep 16 ,  2013 apply before  sep 16 ,  2014 business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .  employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 software engineer  -  714177 description this is an entry level software engineer position for sort test technology development .  multiple positions are available in az and or .  responsibilities   -  tester operating system api development in c++  -  tester operating system gui tool development in c#  -  proxy interface code development in c#  -  code validation using unit tests ,  online functional tests ,  and testcomplete gui tests qualifications you must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  experience would be obtained through your educational level research and / or relevant job / internship experiences .  minimum qualifications  master of science degree in computer science ,  computer engineering or related discipline .  additional qualifications · c++ ,  c# /  . net programming experience · object oriented software development and validation · software unit testing preferred technical skills  · c++ ,  c# /  . net ,  wpf programming skills · software validation experience · proficiency in developing ate test methodologies using object oriented c++ and c# job category  engineering primary location  usa - arizona ,  phoenix other locations   usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  college graduate regular / temporary  regular posting date  jun 14 ,  2013 apply before  jun 14 ,  2014 business group as the world s largest chip manufacturer ,  intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state - of - the - art  -  -  from semiconductor process development and manufacturing ,  through yield improvement to final test and optimization ,  and lastly packaging .  employees in the technology and manufacturing group are part of a worldwide network of manufacturing and assembly / test facilities .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 this position will expose you to business process and system analyst work .  tools and technologies you may be exposed to ,  but not limited to are  sap ,  livecompare ,  wiki s ,  alm ,  itube ,  service now ,  infopak ,  and others .  the position primarily focuses on comprehending customer business requirements ,  recommending a solution and then implementing the solution .  you ll meet with subject matter experts ,  determine solution resourcing needs ,  develop use cases ,  research technical solutions options ,  perform project planning ,  configure or code the technical solution ,  test ,  and present demo s .  learning how to create user desktop procedures ,  job aids and technical documentation will also be performed .   responsibilities may be quite diverse of a nonexempt technical nature .  u . s .  experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job .  job assignments are usually for the summer or for short periods during breaks from school .   qualifications  must be actively pursuing a bachelor s degree in computer science ,  information systems ,  or equivalent .   must have the unrestricted right to work in the us without sponsorship .   job category   engineering  primary location   usa - california ,  santa clara  full / part time   full time  job type   student / intern  regular / temporary   temporary  posting date   sep 15 ,  2013  apply before  sep 15 ,  2014  business group intel s information technology group  ( it )  designs ,  deploys and supports the information technology architecture and hardware / software applications for intel .  this includes the lan ,  wan ,  telephony ,  data centers ,  client pcs ,  backup and restore ,  and enterprise applications .  it is also responsible for e - commerce development ,  data hosting and delivery of web content and services .   this position will expose you to business process and system analyst work .  tools and technologies you may be exposed to ,  but not limited to are  sap ,  livecompare ,  wiki s ,  alm ,  itube ,  service now ,  infopak ,  and others .  the position primarily focuses on comprehending customer business requirements ,  recommending a solution and then implementing the solution .  you ll meet with subject matter experts ,  determine solution resourcing needs ,  develop use cases ,  research technical solutions options ,  perform project planning ,  configure or code the technical solution ,  test ,  and present demo s .  learning how to create user desktop procedures ,  job aids and technical documentation will also be performed .   the intern systems analyst performs this function as part of a team for small projects ,  this candidate should be on track to achieve a bachelors degree in computer science ,  business administration ,  mis ,  cs ,  is  ( or equivalent degree )  requires solid technical foundation and demonstrated ability to translate business requirements into technical solution .   must have the unrestricted rigth to work in the us without sponsorship .   posting statement   intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 our mission at linkedin is to connect the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful .  we are in the midst of building a world class hr organization to support the business through hyper - growth and to help deliver on that mission .  we need people that can come in and deliver results that have foundational impact to our global talent organization .  if you’re ready to roll up your sleeves and help us transform the world ,  our company ,  and yourself  consider joining us this summer .  the global talent organization at linkedin offers an array of challenging positions in a dynamic and collaborative environment .  we develop ,  drive ,  and maintain strategies for managing all aspects of the employee experience .  linkedin is seeking interns to work within core functions of the global talent organization .  responsibilities  this internship experience will allow individuals to apply the knowledge and skills learned in the classroom to real - world human resource experiences .  this internship opportunity is a great way to gain exposure to core hr functions ,  such as training & development ,  hrit ,  recruiting ,  talent management ,  compensation and employee relations .  as an intern the responsibilities could vary based on the area in hr to which you are assigned .  some of these responsibilities could include  assist with different aspects of recruiting  ( posting jobs ,  resume and candidate screening ,  etc )  • support the new employee orientation process ,  including on - boarding • report and analyze data for different projects • collect and evaluate business program metrics • schedule and prepare various training sessions • aid with organizing ,  creating and executing alumni ,  internal and summer internship activities • research best practices and strategies for use of technology • assist with analytics  ( analyze statistics ,  data ,  presentations ,  etc .  )  • execute other projects and duties as needed • report on experience to hr leadership team at the end of the internship skills  • strong collaboration skills and ability to work effectively with diverse people • strong analytical thinking and problem solving skills • balances corporate ,  function ,  geographic and business needs in deploying hr programs to the business unit .  • demonstrates courage and willingness to take risks to deliver results .  • leverage previous hr experience to help us build a world class hr organization • ability to work in a fast - paced team environment • intellectual curiosity and an ability to translate ideas into action • strong research and analytical skills • solid organizational and interpersonal skills • strong attention to detail requirements  preferred majors include human resources or business administration .  other disciplines will be considered previous hr internship or work experience is a plus must have the right to work legally and permanently in the us     
 the mission of business operations at linkedin is to enable our business partners to drive results through objective analysis ,  operational insights and strategic initiatives .  our 2014 summer mba program is designed to give you an intense and realistic look at our business operations organization .  you will receive first - hand experience that will give you immediate and on - the - job insight into a career in business operations .  your internship will enhance not only your analytical ,  operational and strategy skill set ,  but also your networking skills .  during your time with us ,  you ll take part in training ,  outings ,  all hands meetings ,  and community service events all designed to give you avenues in which to meet your peers ,  executives and to get a comprehensive view of linkedin .  we are deeply committed to helping you through thoughtful project work and professional training .  your first week will include company training which will give you access to professional development activities and material to help ramp you up on our businesses .  in addition ,  we’ll offer you ongoing feedback - both formal and informal - throughout your summer experience .  exceptionally high - performing summer mba interns will most likely be given the opportunity to join us full - time after graduation .  we seek exceptional candidates from a variety of the top business schools and programs who are highly motivated ,  have a track record of academic and professional success ,  are driven to succeed and have enthusiasm and passion for linkedin’s professional suite of products .  responsibilities work on special projects for linkedin leadership drive high level analysis of strategic opportunities with sales ,  product and marketing leadership provide support on operational dashboards and metrics work closely with other business operations functions ,  finance ,  business development ,  corporate development and the broad organization required skills problem solver  exceptional problem solving and analytical talents ,  combined with sharp business judgment and ability to communicate with technical management team .  highly productive  ability to be hands - on and highly productive and proactive with business partners .  this role is intended for somebody who will take meaningful responsibility for shaping and executing upon our strategy ,  high level analysis and analytics and operations .  high - energy ,  team - first ,  positive attitude  must be motivated to work hard in a fast - paced environment to help our international expansion .  experience undergraduate degree from top tier university and mba from a top program .  academically ,  you’ve shown consistent top achievement and graduated at or near the top of your class .  professionally ,  you bring experience in product ,  strategic consulting ,  investment banking or strategy related line - management role .  experience with sql a plus .  depending on the role ,  experience in marketing ,  product ,  or sales at a technology company is preferred .  must have the right to work legally and permanently in the us     
 the sales operations team plays a central role in building the operating strategy and infrastructure for our global sales organization .  we re looking for high energy ,  hard working candidates with exceptional quantitative ,  communication ,  and project management skills .  the role will be focused on enabling our world - class field sales team to be as productive as possible by  working with senior leadership to drive sales go - to - market strategy and operating plans identifying new revenue opportunities through market segmentation and territory alignment designing and deploying sales processes that result in disciplined and optimized practices across the global field sales organization deriving sales analytics and insights from our crm ,  finance and ad serving systems streamlining sales processes rolling out sales programs to our global field sales team your 12 week internship will enhance not only your analytical ,  operational and strategy skill set ,  but also your networking skills .  during your time with us ,  you ll take part in training ,  outings ,  all hands meetings ,  and community service events all designed to give you avenues in which to meet your peers ,  executives and to get a comprehensive view of linkedin .  we are deeply committed to helping you through thoughtful project work and professional training .  your first week will include company training which will give you access to professional development activities and material to help ramp you up on our businesses .  in addition ,  we’ll offer you ongoing feedback - both formal and informal - throughout your summer experience .  exceptionally high - performing summer mba interns will most likely be given the opportunity to join us full - time after graduation .  required skills strong communication skills ,  including written and verbal communication experience with senior management experience working in high - growth ,  performance focused environments deep interest in analyzing data and the ability to see beyond the numbers to drive sound decision - making undergraduate degree from top tier university and mba from a top program academically ,  you’ve shown consistent top achievement and graduated at or near the top of your class professionally ,  you bring experience in product ,  strategic consulting ,  investment banking or strategy related line - management role start may or june 2014 must have the right to work legally and permanently in the us     
 the decision science team at linkedin is a data science team which partners with our product teams to build data - driven products our members love .  data scientists on our team contribute to every step of product development .  as a member of the team you will  • extract and analyze linkedin data to drive product strategy .  • formulate success metrics for completely novel products .  • design ,  build and use tools for understanding how our products perform .  • design and analyze experiments to test new product ideas .  • develop new algorithms and models to improve our products .  linkedin’s amazingly rich data about our worldwide network of professionals is a fantastic playground for a data scientist .  you’ll have the opportunity to work with some of the best data people anywhere in an environment which truly values  ( read  is obsessed with )  data - driven decisions .  required qualifications include  • pursuing a bs / ms in a quantitative discipline  statistics ,  applied mathematics ,  operations research ,  computer science ,  engineering ,  economics ,  etc .  • expertise in applied statistics ,  including regression models .  • able to translate business objectives into actionable analyses .  • able to communicate findings clearly to both technical and non - technical audiences • expertise in at least one statistical software package ,  preferably r .  • proficiency in sql .  • advanced skills in a scripting language such as python .  preferred qualifications include  • phd in a quantitative discipline  statistics ,  applied mathematics ,  operations research ,  computer science ,  engineering ,  economics ,  etc .  • advanced skills in java / c++ • experience in hadoop or other mapreduce paradigms and associated languages such as pig ,  sawzall ,  etc .      
 linkedin’s corporate development and strategy team partners closely with the company’s product and business leaders to drive corporate and strategic initiatives ,  develop the company’s long - term strategy ,  analyze market activity and competitive dynamics and source ,  evaluate and execute business development and m&a opportunities .  our 2014 summer mba program provides you a unique opportunity to be part of a highly visible team that is helping to define linkedin’s vision for the next decade .  your internship will enhance not only your analytical ,  transaction and strategy skill set ,  but also your networking skills .  during your time with us ,  you ll take part in training ,  outings ,  all hands meetings ,  and community service events all designed to give you avenues in which to meet your peers ,  executives and to get a comprehensive view of linkedin .  as part of your position on the corporate development and strategy team ,  you will be a trusted advisor to our senior executives ,  and will help them make decisions about r&d investments ,  new market entries ,  business development and m&a opportunities ,  and other critical strategic issues .  the team provides an ideal platform for someone interested in a career in consumer & enterprise technology and services ,  venture capital or startups .  we seek exceptional candidates from a variety of the top business schools who are highly motivated ,  have a track record of academic and professional success ,  are driven to succeed and have enthusiasm and passion for linkedin’s professional suite of products .  responsibilities  analyze ,  understand ,  and structure complex business problems deliver insightful analyses of market opportunities & drive high - level analyses of strategic opportunities for linkedin assist in the identification ,  evaluation ,  negotiation and execution of strategic partnership ,  joint venture ,  business development and m&a opportunities build effective relationships with colleagues from product ,  engineering and business organizations required skills  ability to formulate insights around complex business problems exceptional ability to create structured quantitative and qualitative analyses exceptional oral and written communication skills & executive presence strong personal initiative ,  excellent judgment and sense of humor desire to succeed in a demanding ,  innovative ,  and entrepreneurial environment experience  /  qualifications  mba candidacy and undergraduate degree from top - tier university with a strong academic record 4 - 5 years of pre - mba experience at a top - tier management consulting ,  investment banking or private equity firm ,  and  /  or corporate strategy ,  corporate development or operating experience at a technology company  ( enterprise software ,  saas ,  consumer internet )  no visa sponsorship  ( u . s .  citizen  /  permanent resident )      
 do you… …desire an operations job that involves deep knowledge of both the application and the product ?  …think that automation is a key component to operating a large - scale system ?  …enjoy problem solving from the network all the way through the application stack ?  …want to work on a product that impacts millions of users and handles thousands of transactions per second ?  site reliability engineers  ( sre )  at linkedin fill the mission - critical role of ensuring that our complex ,  web - scale systems are healthy ,  monitored ,  automated ,  and designed to scale .  you ll use your background as an operations generalist to work closely with our development teams from the early stages of design all the way through identifying and resolving production issues .  responsibilities  a ?  serve as a primary point responsible the overall health ,  performance ,  and capacity of our internet - facing systems a ?  gain deep knowledge of our complex applications a ?  assist in the roll - out and deployment of new product features and installations to facilitate our rapid iteration and constant growth a ?  develop tools to improve our ability to rapidly deploy and effectively monitor custom applications in a large - scale unix environment a ?  work closely with development teams to ensure that platforms are designed with   operability   in mind requirements  a ?  deep unix / linux systems knowledge and / or systems administration background a ?  strong trouble - shooting skills that span systems ,  network ,  and code a ?  demonstrated programming skills in one or more of  python ,  perl ,  ruby ,  java ,  c a ?  prior experience in an internet - facing technical operations role a ?  2+ years in a unix - based web operations role a ?  experience with web - based java / j2ee architectures a ?  python experience ,  specifically for systems automation a ?  pursuing bs in computer science or related field     
 our insights team blends business analytics and research to closely support our internal sales & field marketing teams and our external clients  we provide our 3 sales teams  ( talent solutions ,  marketing solutions ,  sales solutions )  with research and insights to help them better understand and assist specific prospects & customers .  we help our sales team prioritize their activities through a series of methodologies and easy - to - use ,  self - serve tools .  we run the research operations of surveying linkedin s members on behalf of internal & external customers .  our goal is to create data - based insights to power the most effective enterprise sales & marketing engine in the world .  we are looking for an insights mba intern to join our team .  responsibilities  • lead the ideation ,  development process ,  and launch of innovative analytics - driven internal - only products that make linkedin’s sales and service organization more productive and successful .  • understand specific needs of high - priority customers and work with them to build data - driven insights solutions .  • develop analytically derived methodologies and solutions that will optimize the efficiency and effectiveness of linkedin s go - to - market approach .  • drive development and implementation of these products and methodologies by partnering with developers on the business analytics team .  • develop relationships and build consensus with relevant stakeholders and partners within the company ,  in particular product ,  sales ,  sales operations ,  marketing ,  and data services .  requirements  • you are equal parts driven and data - driven .  if you had a work - related tattoo ,  it would say “data - driven decision - making . ” • in business school ,  you love the cases on netflix ,  harrah’s ,  capital one ,  amazon and other companies that “won” based upon using their proprietary data most effectively .  • you like linkedin a good deal ,  but get really animated when thinking about the potential of its data in a sales & marketing environment… • you agree “big data” is overhyped ,  but firmly believe it’s a foundational change that will change the way we live and work… • you have a demonstrated strength in using data as a core part of your job ,  ideally driving towards action .  • you ideally have experience in a marketing  /  sales environment  client services  ( e . g .  ,  consulting ,  banking )  also helpful ,  particularly if you enjoyed the fast - paced learning environment ,  but were impatient to “do”… • you relate well across an organization  you can build a strong rapport with entry - level sales personnel one moment and give a clear 30 - second elevator pitch to a ceo the next… • must have the right to work legally and permanently in the us     
 we re looking for people who love turning data into gold .  are you someone who solves hard problems by creatively obtaining ,  scrubbing ,  exploring ,  modeling and interpreting big data ?  do you know enough about information retrieval ,  machine learning ,  and statistics to be dangerous ?  are you a hands - on implementer ,  ready to learn new languages and technologies to turn your ideas into solutions used by tens of millions of people around the world ?  if your answer is “yes ,  show me the data ! ” then this is the job for you .  as data analytics interns ,  we work on some of the most exciting areas of computer and information science ,  including information extraction ,  recommendation systems ,  social network analysis ,  and network visualization .  moreover ,  we support core business needs and drive innovation .  interested ?  here is what we are looking for in an intern  interest in solving problems with big data .  a good knowledge of information retrieval ,  data mining ,  or related field .  technical skills  ( e . g .  ,  java ,  hadoop ,  pig )  and interest in new ones .  creativity and good taste in problems with business impact .  a collegial disposition and strong communication skills .  the drive and discipline to get things done .  come work with us !  linkedin takes your professional network online ,  giving you access to people ,  jobs and opportunities like never before .  built upon trusted connections and relationships ,  linkedin has established the world’s largest and most powerful professional network .  currently ,  more than 238 million professionals are on linkedin ,  including executives from all five hundred of the fortune 500 companies ,  as well as a wide range of household names in technology ,  financial services ,  media ,  consumer packaged goods ,  entertainment ,  and numerous other industries .  the company is publicly held and has a diversified business model with revenues coming from user subscriptions ,  advertising sales and hiring solutions .      
 want to work on advanced information - retrieval algorithms ,  massive scalability infrastructure and storage solutions ,  and large - scale applications for users on web and mobile devices ?  apply now .  linkedin is looking for a variety of interns who want to learn ,  grow and work with some of the brightest technical talent in the world .  we have a top - notch summer intern program for where you would work on real - life projects very important to the company .  come check us out !  we are hiring software engineering interns in the following technology areas  a ?  applications  bring your experience building apis and user - centric online applications ,  scaling performance and 24x7 reliability .  a ?  front - end engineering  you’ll build the client web components  ( html ,  css ,  javascript ,  jsp ,  yui / jquery )  and server - side presentation tier in java ,  jruby ,  or grails .  a ?  mobile applications  bring your rich experience building native and html5 applications for android ,  iphone ,  ipad ,  or blackberry .  a ?  systems and infrastructure  building massive scalability infrastructure and storage solutions requires you to understand frameworks for caching ,  queuing and distributed data storage .  bring your deep understanding of multi - threading ,  concurrency ,  caching ,  and parallel processing technologies .  a ?  data analysis ,  data mining and machine learning  to draw insights from our massive semi - structured and graph datasets ,  you need experience in data mining ,  information retrieval and / or machine learning and a strong systems orientation .  ideally ,  you have experience with mapreduce  ( e . g .  hadoop )  ,  and search engine internals  ( e . g .  lucene / solr )  .  a ?  tools engineering  you’ll develop internal command line and web based tools to automate development ,  deployment ,  management and monitoring of our 24x7 online site .  a ?  performance engineering  you’re an expert in finding bottlenecks .  bring your experience building performance benchmarks ,  analyzing and tuning http interactions and storage systems like oracle ,  voldemort ,  berkeleydb etc .  desired skills & experience for every software engineering role ,  you should have a solid foundation in computer science with strong competencies in data structures ,  algorithms ,  software design and problem solving .  ideally ,  you have experience and / or desire to work in a short - cycle ,  agile ,  iterative development team .  lastly ,  you are pursuing either a bs ,  ms .  phd in computer science or related discipline academic program .      
 linkedin’s business leadership program  ( blp )  is a highly selective two - year program comprised of four six - month rotations across linkedin’s finance ,  strategy ,  corporate development and business  /  sales operations groups .  the program provides a unique opportunity for analysts to build foundational business knowledge including financial modeling ,  valuation ,  strategic framing & analysis ,  opportunity identification and decision support .  throughout your time as a rotation analyst ,  you ll learn ,  be stretched ,  and grow at an incredible pace .  in addition to hands - on experience during each rotation ,  formal comprehensive training programs will teach you the diverse skill set you need to succeed as a business leader .  during the program ,  you’ll take part in outings ,  all hands meetings ,  executive brownbags and community service events all designed to give you avenues in which to meet your peers ,  executives and to get a comprehensive view of linkedin .  analysts are also paired with a mentor to provide career coaching and professional development throughout all four rotations and beyond .  the program provides an ideal platform for someone interested in a career in consumer & enterprise technology and services ,  strategy ,  m&a ,  venture capital or startups .  we seek exceptional candidates who are highly motivated ,  have a track record of academic and professional success ,  are driven to succeed and have enthusiasm and passion for linkedin’s professional suite of products .  skills analytical & problem solving  ability to create structured quantitative  /  qualitative analyses & solve complex problems leadership & communication  demonstrated leadership dna with strong oral and written communication skills high - energy ,  team - first ,  positive attitude  motivated to work hard in a fast - paced & entrepreneurial environment qualifications pursuing a b . s .   /  b . a .  in finance ,  accounting ,  economics ,  statistics ,  management ,  engineering ,  mathematics ,  operations research or other analytical  /  quantitative fields of study must be a current senior graduating in december 2013 - june 2014 internship experience across management consulting ,  investment banking ,  venture capital ,  private equity ,  corporate finance ,  strategy ,  m&a or operations at a fortune 500 company is highly preferred proficiency in microsoft excel and powerpoint  experience with sql is a big plus u . s .  citizenship or permanent residency company description founded in 2003 ,  linkedin connects the world s professionals to make them more productive and successful .  with more than 238 million members worldwide ,  including executives from every fortune 500 company ,  linkedin is the world s largest professional network .  the company has a diversified business model with revenues coming from its talent solutions ,  marketing solutions and premium subscriptions businesses .  headquartered in silicon valley ,  linkedin has offices across the globe .      
 the world is connecting faster than ever before .  connect the unconnected by becoming a part of the internet of everything .  the cisco sales associates program  ( csap )  is looking for outgoing ,  early - in - career individuals who have a passion for technology to join our team as an associate sales representative  ( asr )  .  a successful asr will be trained to manage and cultivate customer accounts and collaborate with cisco engineers to provide technical solutions .   learn from top cisco experts in a unique setting amongst your peers .  csap offers a global environment that provides 12 months of on - the - job training that will prepare you for a successful sales career at cisco .  gain hands - on education and experience with leading - edge technology while receiving an attractive salary and accelerating your career aspirations .   for the first three months of the program ,  you’ll undergo courses focusing on the latest technology advancements and how to effectively sell them to customers .  in the following nine months ,  you’ll move into a quota - carrying sales role in the global virtual sales organization where you will be mentored directly by cisco sales professionals .  upon graduation from csap ,  you will be promoted into a virtual sales account manager role at cisco where you can continue to grow your career .   eligibility requirements  • undergraduate or graduate degree  ( minimum bs / ba )  • graduated from an accredited university within 27 months prior to the program start date • cumulative gpa of 3 . 0 or higher preferred or equivalent in your academic program • fluent in english  ( written and verbal )  as well as fluent in local language for country of application • sales experience required  ( including retail sales ,  corporate internships ,  or entrepreneurial programs )  • business ,  sales ,  marketing ,  communications ,  information technology ,  computer science ,  or finance degree preferred • must be able to legally live and work in the country for which the candidate is applying ,  without visa support or sponsorship  ( student visas or visas obtained on your own are not applicable for the program )   relocation requirements  • year 1  associates must be willing to relocate to a csap training hub within the candidate’s country or region for the 12 months of the program .  cisco will provide relocation assistance .  • year 2  associates will be promoted to a virtual sales account manager role in global virtual sales .  virtual sales account managers must stay at the csap hub location or be relocated to a global virtual sales hub in their home country or region for 12 months ,  based on business need .  we cannot confirm final placement destination at time of offer .  cisco will provide relocation assistance .  • year 3  employees can apply to open account manager and field positions within the company .   learn more and apply  http  /  / bit . ly .  .  .  program start dates  28 july 2014 for more information and updates ,  please visit the csap facebook page .      
 the position requires strong attention to detail and the ability to work in a fast - paced environment and execute multiple tasks .  the ideal candidate will be highly organized and willing to adapt to changing needs .  the position offers a great opportunity for building skills and experience and advancing your career within cisco .  acts as a liaison for the director in the coordination of office - type activities .  deals professionally with sensitive and confidential matters and materials .  manages day - to - day administrative processes associated with front office and team coordination with little to no supervisory input .  ability to function in a very high paced environment .  experience in planning meetings ,  coordinating travel and managing administrative tasks .  ability to make sound decisions .  preferred  aa / ba or equivalent experience .  competency in desktop computer applications  word ,  excel ,  powerpoint .  ability to navigate web and email at high competency knowledge .  familiarity with a desktop calendar management program .  excellent written and verbal communication skills .      
 requisition #  r949311 location  united states . california . san francisco job title  software engineer region  americas area of interest  engineering  -  software level of experience  entry level flexible work option  yes job description  we are always looking for problem solving engineers who are excited about hacking the full stack and being apart of a pretty cool company .  the people behind our products are what make this company great .  whether you are looking for your first job out of college or if you have been in industry for a while ,  we  ve got interesting projects for everyone .  we’re hiring full - time software developers for teams working on distributed back - end systems ,  device drivers ,  mobile device management ,  and our web application .  we like one or more of   - strong javascript ,  css ,  ruby on rails skills  - fluency in c  ( device driver experience is helpful )   - familiarity with c++ and understanding of databases  - bonus points if you have experience with   - building production systems  - embedded systems / networking  - systems performance optimization  - running a live web service  - robots  ( ‘cuz they are cool )   - running your own server  - obscure pop culture references  ( reality tv is our pub trivia achiles heel )  sound like a fit ?  we’d love to chat .  if you are a college student ,  check out our events page to see if we are coming out to your university .  if not ,  no problem ,  just shoot us an email .  to apply ,  e - mail your resume to eng - jobs@meraki . com  .  we’d also love to see your github or any cool projects you might be working on .      
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   sales development representative  location  us -  ca ,  santa barbara req #  18926 talent area  operations preferred experience  mid - career level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary objectives of position the corporate sales development representative will be the first point of contact between prospective customers and the citrix sales team .  the primary function of this position is to handle inbound inquiries ,  qualify the nature of the inquiry and route the customer to the correct channel in a timely and professional manner .  secondary functions include assisting with outbound marketing campaigns as part of a lead nurturing program and helping customers coming through the ecommerce channel with product and purchasing related questions .   principal responsibilities    inbound 800 line calls    answers all phone calls coming in to the citrix corporate sales line  assesses the nature of the call and routes to the appropriate department  vets records in the salesforce crm system and hoovers database for accuracy and completeness to ensure they reach the appropriate person on the first attempt    manages calls coming in for ecommerce customers ,  answers technical questions ,  provides product comparisons ,  organizes trials and routes inquires for billing and technical support    outbound call projects    assists marketing and sales on specific outbound calling campaigns to generate active prospects  example campaigns include targeted lists of existing but cold prospects ,  companies that have been identified as using a competitor’s products and revisiting discussions with prospects who ran trials but did not purchase    salesforce data management    enters data accurately and monitors data entered by others within crm tool and reports discrepancies  works on data management projects as needed  supervisory responsibilities  qualifications and requirements  knowledge and skills    bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required    1 - 2 years experience in a customer or sales call center environment would be desirable    excellent customer communication skills ,  combined with a confident telephone manner    proficiency with microsoft office products and the internet    knowledge of crm and opportunity management systems ,  preferably salesforce . com ,  is highly desirable    knowledge and experience of hoovers company database resource also desirable  competencies    teamwork  collaborates with others toward shared goals ,  exhibits cooperativeness  participates in and supports effective conflict resolution    communication  listens ,  asks for and uses input  shares information appropriately and openly  is accessible and receptive to positive feedback ,  constructive criticism and both good and bad news    excellence orientation  strives to be the best that one can be and maximizes one s own potential in helping citrix succeed  exhibits resilience ,  persistence ,  tenacity and a continuous mindset for improvement  is goal - oriented with very high standards for quality of work    accountability  holds self accountable for keeping commitments and delivering the best possible performance  pays attention to detail ,  and gets involved and assists others through resolution  assumes responsibility and follows up personally with minimal direction    authenticity  shows a genuine ,  accessible and caring personality that builds trust ,  mutual support and credibility  listens ,  exhibits humility and gauges approachability of others  maintains composure and is able to be respectful and straightforward with others  develops trusting relationships  is highly ethical with a commitment to deeply held values  takes full responsibility for self  respects the confidentiality of the information they acquire ,  maintain ,  and use in their job ,  and personally disengages from it    innovation  participates in and supports an environment that is conducive to innovation and new ways of doing things  exhibits curiosity and open - mindedness  suggests new ideas in response to business needs   li - cs1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   corporate sales representative  ( growth )   location  us -  az ,  tempe req #  19270 talent area  sales – inside preferred experience  mid - career level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary corporate sales representative  ( growth )  at citrix online services division ,  our award - winning collaboration products give our customers the freedom to work anytime ,  anywhere .  as more organizations realize the advantage to having a mobile workforce – productive ,  satisfied employees -  citrix online continues to innovate a range of secure ,  reliable ,  high - performing mobile services that make collaboration ,  remote access and it support possible on the go .  we’re making sure our customers have access to secure ,  high - performing and reliable mobile solutions because hey ,  who wants to be tied to a desk 24 / 7 ?  at citrix online services division were are seeking inside sales professionals to join our ,  dynamic company .  you are our number one resource for connecting customers to our products .  you are responsible for understanding our customers’ needs and matching them to citrix online product that makes the most sense for them .  as a sales representative ,  you are also responsible for providing the great customer service we are known for ,  and  ( this is super - important )  having fun while doing it .  this position is full time and based at our tempe office .  you will be part of a team that works hard ,  plays hard ,  and has a positive work / life balance .  we offer a fun and fast - paced work environment ,  flexible scheduling ,  generous paid time off ,  as well as an attractive uncapped compensation plan and benefits package–including a 401 ( k )  plan ,  health ,  dental and vision insurance .   the role  you will be responsible for applying a thorough understanding of citrix online services division products ,  sales methodology ,  processes ,  prospecting techniques and further developing our customer base .  your focus will be selling to our existing small and medium business accounts ,  with companies that have 11 - 1000 employees who will benefit from remote web - based collaboration for technical support ,  web - based meetings and collaboration tools ,  and remote desktop access .  some of your day - to - day activities may include but are not limited to ,  following up on customer inquiries ,  conducting account reviews ,  outbound prospecting in to new departments for cross selling opportunities ,  qualifying ,  solution selling ,  negotiation and closing within your assigned accounts .  you will be responsible for representing the entire citrix online product line  demonstrating and selling effectively  and applying knowledge of competitive landscape and broad collaboration market .  as a corporate sales representative  ( csr )  ,  you will provide guidance and mentoring regarding techniques and best practices to our other csrs .   .  principal responsibilities     prioritize and follow up on and closing customer requests in your assigned accounts for citrix online products .  proactively develop and manage a mix of small and large opportunities ,  while focusing on closing deals with a high likelihood of success .     proactively cultivate new business by prospecting into your assigned accounts and develop new opportunities in additional departments and with additional corporate contacts .  effectively qualify opportunities by applying extensive sales experience and citrix online product knowledge to solve the business needs of the customer .     successfully apply an understanding of the tactics of driving a deal to closure & be able to identify key decision makers in the sales cycle .  obtains repeat business ,  referrals and references by applying understanding of the unique requirements of the key decision makers  ( sales ,  marketing ,  finance ,  etc )   coaches others regarding best practices and techniques    ability to strategically manage assigned accounts and sales processes ,  and where appropriate ,  leverage citrix corporate sales team .  participates and works with management and other corporate account executives to make recommendations on best practices in win competitive selling scenarios .     provides sales management with accurate sales forecasts and reports on sales activities and projects as requested in a timely fashion    learns new product releases and enhancements and develops sales opportunities in the customer base to maximize revenue and customer loyalty    develop and execute strategies for generating new business opportunities / new product sales and other matters related to new revenue generation and rapport development within assigned accounts .     develop strategic account plans and engage other internal team members to execute on deliverables and customer satisfaction .     ensures company policies and sales processes are being followed by communicating and modeling desired behaviors provides a consultative sales approach through an extended sales cycle to consistently meet or exceed quota  qualifications and requirements knowledge and skills    strong organizational ,  problem - solving ,  and analytical skills .     able to penetrate and engage conversations at the   c   level .     excellent time management skills and ability to prioritize time effectively    ability to multi task while prioritizing sales .     bachelors degree or equivalent    proven ability to work on a sales team and leverage sales and company resources    the ability to lead ,  motivate and energize both internal and external team members to produce a winning effort .     4+ years inside sales or equivalent experience in a rapidly changing dynamic environment required .     the ability to participate in an environment that is innovative and oriented toward excellence    proven record of success with developing prospecting list ,  cold calling ,  customer expansion and telephone sales required  technology sales required    demonstrated record of success communicating effectively via telephone and email with customers and successful track record of meeting and / or exceeding revenue quota .     knowledge of salesforce . com preferred   li - js1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   hourly intern 9995a  location  us -  fl ,  ft .  lauderdale req #  18383 talent area  finance preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary the finance intern in the ww service s finance group will gain practical experience in financial management applying finance and accounting concepts learned in school .  upon completion of the internship ,  the student will have a better understanding of the operations of a business finance team within a large public company .  the intern will work hand - in - hand with members of the finance team to assist in completing financial forecasts and developing budgets in support of the ww services team while gaining practical financial system experience with hyperion and sap .  the intern will provide assistance to team members as necessary on ad hoc projects .   qualifications and requirements candidate must be a student currently enrolled in a finance ,  accounting ,  economics ,  or related discipline undergraduate or graduate degree program at an accredited 4 year university .  gpa of 3 . 0 or higher li - sj2  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   platform engineering intern  location  us -  nc ,  raleigh req #  18420 talent area  product development / engineering preferred experience  entry level preferred education  not indicated apply add to job cart  position summary platform engineering intern what’s citrix sharefile ?  if you haven’t heard ,  citrix sharefile is the most exciting data sharing and synchronization technology for businesses .  sharefile allows you to create a secure space in the cloud where you can exchange business files with customers easily and securely .  you can email large files ,  conduct a secure file transfer or set up a collaboration space for project - related files .  sharefile plays a key role in the citrix mission of enabling mobile work styles .  what’s in it for you ?  this is a fun and fast paced environment .  if you like to write code ,  get things done ,  be challenged with tough problems and love to work with smart people ,  this is a place where you will have a lot of fun .  in between tackling challenging product problems ,  you might be indulging in x - box game face - offs while munching on free snacks .  this is a great place to gain experience in a cutting - edge technology company that would set you apart from other graduates .  what might you be working on ?  the platform engineering team is responsible for providing a rest based user api that abstracts sharefile data for a multitude of consumers – enabling mash - ups ,  and mobile clients .  the team focuses on ensuring the reliability ,  performance ,  and high availability of the mission critical account data and metadata .  you will join the team in the development ,  test ,  and maintenance of this software .  here are some examples of the things you might be working on     implement code for small features & bug - fixes    implement sample & test programs to exercise the platform software  ( including rest api )     work on prototypes with guidance from developers  implement time - saving infrastructure improvements by leveraging new tools & technologies  qualifications and requirements what are you bringing to the table ?     smart ,  strong hands - on programmer and great problem - solver    experience with  . net ,  c# and database concepts    must be eager and able to adopt new technologies    working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science or related field .   logistics    july 2013 – dec 2013 ,  up to 40 hours a week    some flexibility in work week to fit your class schedule   li - rb1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   podio sales representative  location  us -  ca ,  san francisco req #  19252 talent area  sales – inside preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary  position summary   objectives of position the podio sales representative will be responsible for helping organisations understand the value of podio and convert from a free to a premium account .  the position includes following up on inbound leads ,  engage with users ,  providing insights on collaboration ,  negotiate and close deals .  the podio sales representative will be working closely with the rest of the user engagement team to create a customer experience beyond expectations .  the podio sales representative will develop skills in the following areas  lead management ,  prospecting ,  lead follow up ,  customer needs analysis ,  online software demonstrations ,  crm management ,  prospect list building ,  time management ,  and effective email and phone communication .  the podio sales representative is part of the team and will help develop and support sales programs to increase the efficiency and productivity of the sales organization .  the primary function of this position is to grow revenue ,  with an emphasis on converting from free to premium .  principal responsibilities    daily responsibilities     conversion focused role with each sales representative allocating their time appropriately for following up on and consulting inbound leads in how to use podio and effectively convert them from free to paying customers .     continues to pursue and increase knowledge of key competitors and understanding of how podio’s products compare with competitors   uses the messaging and best practices that ensure that our value proposition is effectively communicated to customers    manages and maintains accurate lead and account / opportunities information within podio ,  which is used as the internal crm tool .     general duties     obtains new business ,  referrals and references by applying understanding of the unique requirements of the buyers and their team .     enhances the sales opportunities in specific segments by applying understanding of their unique requirements    provides sales management with reports on sales activities and projects as requested in a timely fashion    follows company policies and sales processes    being part of a team and help drive things forward fast  qualifications and requirements    1 - 2 years inside sales experience    bachelor’s degree preferred    excellent time management ,  communication ,  decision making ,  presentation and organizational skills .     ability to operate in a very fast paced environment and adapt to changes    proven ability to communicate effectively via telephone and email with customers    experience with crm and opportunity management systems    a strong team player that is also motivated by the teams success    proven ability to develop and manage pipeline and forecasting    ability to thrive in a growing and changing environment    add an additional great personality to a great team    excited to change how people work   li - js1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   corporate sales representative  ( acquisition )   location  us -  az ,  tempe req #  18895 talent area  sales – inside preferred experience  mid - career level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary corporate sales representative  ( acquisition )  at citrix online services division ,  our award - winning collaboration products give our customers the freedom to work anytime ,  anywhere .  as more organizations realize the advantage to having a mobile workforce – productive ,  satisfied employees -  citrix online continues to innovate a range of secure ,  reliable ,  high - performing mobile services that make collaboration ,  remote access and it support possible on the go .  we’re making sure our customers have access to secure ,  high - performing and reliable mobile solutions because hey ,  who wants to be tied to a desk 24 / 7 ?  do you have an aggressive   hunter mentality   and   no fear   of cold calling ?  at citrix online services division were are seeking new business acquisition focused inside sales professionals to join our ,  dynamic growing company .  you are our number one resource for connecting customers to our products .  you are responsible for understanding our customers’ needs and matching them to citrix online product that makes the most sense for them .  as a sales representative ,  you are also responsible for providing the great customer experiences we are known for ,  and  ( this is super - important )  having fun while doing it .  this position is full time and based at our tempe office .  you will be part of a team that works hard ,  plays hard ,  and has a positive work / life balance .  we offer a fun and fast - paced work environment ,  flexible scheduling ,  generous paid time off ,  as well as an attractive uncapped compensation plan with a benefits package–including a 401 ( k )  plan ,  health ,  dental and vision insurance .   the role  you will be responsible for applying a thorough understanding of citrix online services division products ,  sales methodology ,  processes ,  and prospecting techniques .  your focus will be selling to small and medium business accounts ,  with companies that have 11 - 1000 employees who will benefit from remote web - based collaboration for technical support ,  web - based meetings ,  and desktop access .  some of your day - to - day activities include prospecting ,  qualifying ,  solution selling ,  negotiation and closing .  you will be responsible for representing the entire citrix online services division product line  demonstrating and selling effectively  and applying knowledge of competitive landscape and broad collaboration market .  principal responsibilities     identify ,  penetrate ,  and acquire new business .     prospects are identified through cold calling and lead generation    prioritize and follow up on and closing either a high volume of leads or customer requests in your region for citrix online products .  proactively develop and manage a mix of small and large deals ,  while focusing on closing deals with a high likelihood of success .     effectively qualify and convert leads to sales by applying extensive sales experience and citrix online product knowledge to solve the business needs of the customer .     successfully apply an understanding of the tactics of driving a deal to closure & be able to identify key decision makers in the sales cycle .  obtains repeat business ,  referrals and references by applying understanding of the unique requirements of the key decision makers  ( sales ,  marketing ,  finance ,  etc .  )   coaches others regarding best practices and techniques    ability to strategically manage opportunities and sales process ,  and where appropriate ,  leverage citrix corporate sales team .     provides sales management with forecasts and reports on sales activities and projects as requested in a timely fashion    develops prospecting plans for territory development to build rapport and create opportunities  qualifications and requirements knowledge and skills    extensive cold calling and strategic selling experience    excellent relationship building and strong closing skills    ability to develop trusted relationships    ability to work within all levels of the organization .     bachelor degree or equivalent plus 4 years of proven career success in a solutions based hunter role and new account development .     proven record of success with developing prospecting list ,  cold calling ,  customer expansion and telephone sales required  technology sales required    demonstrated record of success communicating effectively via telephone and email with customers and successful track record of meeting and / or exceeding quota .     knowledge of salesforce . com preferred    ability to manage and prioritize a high volume of leads and deal transactions simultaneously with strong pipeline management .    li - js1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   corporate sales representative  location  us -  ca ,  santa barbara req #  17865 talent area  sales – inside preferred experience  mid - career level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary corporate sales representative  ( acquisition )  at citrix online services division ,  our award - winning collaboration products give our customers the freedom to work anytime ,  anywhere .  as more organizations realize the advantage to having a mobile workforce – productive ,  satisfied employees -  citrix online continues to innovate a range of secure ,  reliable ,  high - performing mobile services that make collaboration ,  remote access and it support possible on the go .  we’re making sure our customers have access to secure ,  high - performing and reliable mobile solutions because hey ,  who wants to be tied to a desk 24 / 7 ?  do you have an aggressive   hunter mentality   and   no fear   of cold calling ?  at citrix online services division were are seeking hunter - type inside sales professionals to join our ,  dynamic company .  you are our number one resource for connecting customers to our products .  you are responsible for understanding our customers’ needs and matching them to citrix online product that makes the most sense for them .  as a sales representative ,  you are also responsible for providing the great customer service we are known for ,  and  ( this is super - important )  having fun while doing it .  this position is full time and based at our sb office .  you will be part of a team that works hard ,  plays hard ,  and has a positive work / life balance .  we offer a fun and fast - paced work environment ,  flexible scheduling ,  generous paid time off ,  as well as an attractive uncapped compensation plan and benefits package–including a 401 ( k )  plan ,  health ,  dental and vision insurance .   the role  you will be responsible for applying a thorough understanding of citrix online services division products ,  sales methodology ,  processes ,  and prospecting techniques .  your focus will be selling to small and medium business accounts ,  with companies that have 11 - 1000 employees who will benefit from remote web - based collaboration for technical support ,  web - based meetings ,  and desktop access .  some of your day - to - day activities include prospecting ,  qualifying ,  solution selling ,  negotiation and closing .  you will be responsible for representing the entire citrix online services division product line  demonstrating and selling effectively  and applying knowledge of competitive landscape and broad collaboration market .  principal responsibilities     identify ,  penetrate ,  and acquire new business .     prospects are identified primarily through cold calling    prioritize and follow up on and closing either a high volume of leads or customer requests in your region for citrix online products .  proactively develop and manage a mix of small and large deals ,  while focusing on closing deals with a high likelihood of success .     effectively qualify and convert leads to sales by applying extensive sales experience and citrix online product knowledge to solve the business needs of the customer .     successfully apply an understanding of the tactics of driving a deal to closure & be able to identify key decision makers in the sales cycle .  obtains repeat business ,  referrals and references by applying understanding of the unique requirements of the key decision makers  ( sales ,  marketing ,  finance ,  etc .  )   coaches others regarding best practices and techniques    ability to strategically manage opportunities and sales process ,  and where appropriate ,  leverage citrix corporate sales team .     provides sales management with forecasts and reports on sales activities and projects as requested in a timely fashion    develops prospecting plans for territory development to build rapport and create opportunities  qualifications and requirements knowledge and skills    extensive cold calling and strategic selling experience    excellent relationship building and strong closing skills    ability to work within all levels of the organization .     bachelor degree or equivalent plus 4 years of proven career success in a solutions based hunter role and new account development .     proven record of success with developing prospecting list ,  cold calling ,  customer expansion and telephone sales required  technology sales required    demonstrated record of success communicating effectively via telephone and email with customers and successful track record of meeting and / or exceeding quota .     knowledge of salesforce . com preferred    ability to manage and prioritize a high volume of leads and deal transactions simultaneously with strong pipeline management .    li - js1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   associate corporate sales representative  location  us -  nc ,  raleigh req #  18463 talent area  sales – inside preferred experience  not indicated preferred education  not indicated apply add to job cart  position summary because citrix continues to rapidly grow ,  we are looking for a bright ,  enthusiastic individual who enjoys working in a dynamic ,  fast - paced environment to join our inside sales team as an associate corporate sales representative in raleigh .  the opportunity as an associate corporate sales representative ,  you should expect your first 3 - 12 months to focus on training and learning about the company and its products while having management mentors by your side as you grow .  as you continue to develop your skills ,  there will be opportunities for advancement within the inside sales department ,  typically to a corporate sales representative  ( csr )  role .  as a csr ,  you will be our number one resource for connecting customers to our products .  this is a great opportunity for someone interested in learning sales and growing a career within citrix ,  a global organization that is continuously recognized for its world - class products !  your primary job responsibilities will include     developing and applying an understanding of citrix products ,  processes ,  and customer base    using proactive and consultative phone sales techniques    establishing relationships internally and externally    generating leads for customer expansion    inputting forecasts and opportunity updates in salesforce . com  the future we are searching for an individual who wants to grow with citrix and will strive to improve performance .  if you are driven ,  personable ,  and energetic ,  there will be additional opportunities for you here at citrix .  advancement opportunities for a successful associate corporate sales representative typically include a corporate sales representative position or other inside sales roles .  the team our sales organization provides our clients with end to end solutions without third party dependencies .  we provide a complete solutions portfolio linking the mobile world – people ,  data ,  and applications – with the cloud world .  our team members are diverse and experienced professionals who are driven to meet high standards .  they are passionate and demonstrate pride in their work and in citrix .  when you join our sales team ,  you will have the rewarding experience of working in an innovative ,  collaborative ,  and energetic work environment .  about us citrix is the cloud company that enables mobile workstyles— powerful ,  new ways to connect with people and information on - demand from anywhere .  as the workplace and workforce continues to rapidly evolve ,  our aspiration is to create a seamless continuum between work and life ,  so people are free to work whenever ,  wherever and however they choose .  based in raleigh ,  nc ,  citrix sharefile is a market leading provider of secure cloud based document sharing .  millions of users worldwide use sharefile to exchange business data easily ,  securely ,  and professionally .  sharefile has grown rapidly by staying true to our mission  to raise the bar for service in the field of technology .  our commitment to service and our unique work culture have been the driving forces behind our recognition as one of triangle business journal s best places to work in 2011 ,  2012 ,  and 2013 .  the perks with competitive pay and great benefits ,  you’ll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture .  we’ll give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us .  for additional information on what it’s like to work at citrix and what we will offer you ,  visit our life at citrix page .  working with citrix puts you at the forefront of technology .  if you are ready to excel ,  innovate ,  and really enjoy where you work ,  apply online for the associate corporate sales representative job .  bring your career to citrix ,  and let your talent take you virtually anywhere !   qualifications and requirements requirements     bachelor’s degree preferred but not required    1 - 3 years proven inside sales success or customer service experience preferred but not required    experience prospecting ,  building a pipeline ,  or networking preferred but not required  qualifications     consistent history of over - achievement and strong internal drive to succeed    ability to thrive in a fast paced ,  strategic ,  consultative sales role    energetic with an entrepreneurial personality and ability to establish and maintain client relationships    strong interpersonal ,  communication ,  and computer skills    ability to work in a team environment    belief in a customer - centric approach    enjoys professional interaction and is a natural at maintaining a pleasant ,  professional demeanor   li - kg1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   systems and business analyst  location  us -  fl ,  ft .  lauderdale req #  18786 talent area  technical support preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary the systems and business analyst serves citrix by supporting a combination of customer relationship management ,  sales force automation ,  sales force reporting and dashboard ,  knowledge management ,  and case management systems and processes .  responsible for providing assistance to the services organization to improve overall efficiency and increase adoption .  qualifications     high aptitude for systems    experience with any combination of database ,  crm ,  sfa or erp systems preferred    proficient in using microsoft office excel    must be comfortable supporting large user base and able to maintain professional demeanor when dealing with distressed users    1+ year of analytical project experience is required    strong communication and interpersonal skills    able to work in a team environment    independent and flexible ,  with the ability to multitask under supervision  qualifications and requirements requirements     bachelors degree in information systems or industrial engineering or equivalent    1 - 2 years of systems management experience or equivalent experience preferred    fluent in written and verbal english ,  additional language preferred    ability to travel across region and occasionally to the united states and / or internationally    process knowledge  -  understands citrix customer service processes .  works with external teams to leverage ,  improve and / or define such processes    orchestrating resources  -  develops collaborative ,  engaged ,  focused teams of resources in support of delivering high - quality solutions and services to our customers    project management  -  ability to define and manage projects of varying complexity and across multiple teams ,  both directly linked and virtual  we offer our employees competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package citrix is an equal opportunity employer  li - ns1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   readiness operations specialist  location  us -  fl ,  ft .  lauderdale req #  19110 talent area  consulting preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary the readiness operations specialist will provide support for readiness activities for the citrix americas sales and services organization .  responsibilities will include working with citrix cross functional teams  ( americas readiness ,  field sales ,  inside sales ,  sales operations ,  corporate development ,  product marketing ,  customer care ,  consulting ,  education ,  and channel sales )  in the supervised delivery of sales support tasks and directed readiness activities .  coordinate logistics for americas sales and / or channel events including training sessions ,  briefings ,  and management meetings under supervision .  develop a solid understanding of citrix product messaging ,  and share this information as appropriate with citrix team members .  perform and communicate technical and business research in support of sales organization coordinate field communications for the americas sales and services team .  interact with and support decision makers in various areas of the organization including managers and area directors as well as partners and customers .  manage administrative tasks related to rfps ,  roi analyses and email communications .   qualifications and requirements bachelor s degree or equivalent experience required .  communication ,  business ,  or marketing majors are a plus .  ability to acquire strong written and verbal communication / presentation skills .  demonstrates basic organizational and planning skills ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and to complete assignments given aggressive time constraints with high quality level .  ability to develop base delivery skills ,  including effective participation in meetings ,  documentation ,  preparation of readiness deliverables ,  effective time / priority management ,  following direction ,  and acting on developmental feedback .   li - kt1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   user researcher  location  us -  ca ,  san francisco req #  18899 talent area  product design preferred experience  entry level preferred education  masters degree apply add to job cart  position summary as a customer experience researcher you will work with talented and highly collaborative cx researchers and designers .  you will be responsible in defining ,  leading and communicating the research activities for a wide range of projects within the award - winning goto line of products .  working on projects in the goto product family requires passion for ux research and a strong customer advocate throughout the product development cycle .  you must have a solid understanding of user experience research methodologies and have lead and managed ux research activities such as usability testing ,  card sorting ,  focus groups ,  and field studies .  you also have demonstrated the ability to synthesize data ,  prioritize ,  come up with actionable recommendations and communicate your findings to stakeholders .  you also have the passion to inspire and mentor junior level researchers .  excellent people skills are a must since you will work directly with customers ,  prospects and stakeholders .  the ability to build strong partnerships with our product managers ,  architects ,  designers ,  and customers is very important .  you also must be able to juggle multiple projects  have excellent organization and time management skills .   qualifications and requirements    a minimum of 3 years driving various ux research activities such as usability testing ,  field studies ,  focus groups ,  card sorting ,  interviews ,  etc .     demonstrated excellent project management skills     a proven ability to communicate and collaborate with other designers ,  developers ,  product managers ,  and researchers in geographically dispersed locations .     demonstrated passion forthe user experience research and a track record of providing translating research findings to actionable recommendation      demonstrated ability to think strategically while also recognizing the significance of details    excellent diplomatic and communication skills ,  including the ability to articulate the business value of ux research and its process     familiarity with various ux research tools such as morae ,  clicktale ,  camtasia ,  or other similar tools    experience working in an agile development environment is a plus .     a bachelor s degree in hci ,  human factors or related field  masters or higher preferred     occasional travel may be required .   this is a full - time on - site position is either in our san francisco or santa barbara office .   join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   sdet engineer ,  desktop virtualization  location  us -  ma ,  bedford req #  18526 talent area  product development / engineering preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary citrix is a leading provider of virtual computing solutions that help people work and play from anywhere ,  on any device .  innovation ,  creativity and a passion for ever - improving performance drive our company and our people forward .  citrix solutions pave the way for business to thrive in the cloud era ,  embracing mobile users ,  personal devices ,  wireless access ,  app stores ,  saas ,  and cloud infrastructure .  we’re currently looking for a sdet ,  engineer to join our xenclient team in bedford .  as a member of the xenclient qa team you will help validate the quality level of the leading edge virtualization technologies in a dynamic software engineering organization .  while working with the latest hardware in varied form factors from all major pc platform vendors this candidate will develop a comprehensive skill set encompassing automated test development ,  networking ,  usb device communications ,  multi - tier software development and deployment ,  and computer security .  in addition the candidate will be part of a global product development team ,  gaining experience applicable to the fluid and constantly expanding high tech industry .   qualifications and requirements    basic understanding of user and administrative aspects of windows and linux systems    previous exposure to client / server and web based applications    able to communicate at sufficient technical levels and detail any steps taken to reproduce a problem    familiar with virtualization    strong communication skills and experience interacting with other teams throughout product life cycles  [ mh1 ]     working knowledge of one or more of the following languages  perl ,  shell ,  java ,  vb ,  c ,  c++    bs / ms in computer science or computer engineering or similar field    recent college graduate or 1 - 3 years of industry experience in quality assurance or development roles  desired skills     previous experience in testing a plus    experience with visual basic or powershell a plus    understanding of relational database systems    experience with web - based application development    performance testing    java and web based ui testing    experience testing distributed systems    understanding of object oriented programming methodologies and design patterns    working knowledge of code coverage tools and experience improving test coverage    experience with windows active directory a plus  working with citrix puts you in the forefront of technology .  engage and discover the possibilities when you take your career to the unequivocal leader of service and application delivery .  every day ,  our teams are developing solutions that are deployed in thousands of networks around the globe to optimize ,  secure and control the delivery of all enterprise and cloud services .  elevate to the world s most advanced cloud network platform by applying online for the sdet engineer position .    li - jb1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   assoc engr systems admin  location  us -  ca ,  santa clara req #  19195 talent area  information technology preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary position summary this role will have responsibility for daily operation and support activities for the solutions lab  • planning ,  deployment ,  and implementation of required network and lab assets to support the daily operation of the lab • support lab management & test engineering team to ensure required resources have been properly allocated and deployed to support required test activities .  • support your lab operations manager in coordinating the ordering ,  receipt ,  and deployment of required lab assets from our strategic vendors and partners .  • maintain repairs ,  replace and calibrate lab equipment as needed • coordinate and lead team members to maintain lab efficiency and cleanliness • maintain workstation / server inventory and imaging ,  working with vendor to ensure timely repairs and develop future workstation strategies • manage and optimize lab inventory ,  developing a plan for removal of unneeded items • maintain lab safety and compliance  esd compliance ,  lab safety laws and industry procedures ,  conformity to iso standards • work closely with other lab administrators for coordination of borrowing and lending of lab gear as needed • constantly seek out ways to optimize and improve lab operations to maximize ease of use and efficiency  qualifications and requirements qualifications & requirements technical expertise in all or some of the following is required  • comprehensive understanding of equipment maintenance and calibration ,  facility planning ,  inventory control and test equipment .  • familiarity with network equipment installation  networking topologies ,  media ,  and protocols in a virtualized data center environment • familiarity with server repair ,  software installation ,  large inventory management • basic network implementation and troubleshooting skills experience and capabilities of ideal candidate  • 2+ years - related experience in similar lab administration • basic networking skills .  knowledge is required in the areas of design ,  configuration ,  and troubleshooting .  demonstrate experience with networking technology as well as knowledge of citrix products and solutions .  • excellent project management skills ,  with emphasis on leading and coordinating teams to effectively balance workload and provide appropriate resourcing • excellent written and verbal communication ,  listening ,  negotiation and presentation skills are required .  ability to work effectively ,  add value as a team member and assume a leadership role in overseeing the day to day lab operations .  requirements  ( education ,  certification ,  training ,  experience )  • bs or ms degree or equivalent in computer science ,  electrical engineering ,  or related field .  for individuals holding an advanced degree in one of these fields ,  additional years of formal education may be regarded as equivalent work experience .  • minimum 8+ years of directly related work experience .  equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education .  • at least 8+ years of experience in the administration of data centers .   join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   contract ,  recruiting coordinator  location  us -  il ,  downers grove req #  17836 talent area  human resources preferred experience  entry level preferred education  high school diploma apply add to job cart  position summary citrix systems ,  inc .   ( nasdaq ctxs )  transforms how businesses and it work and people collaborate in the cloud era .  with market - leading cloud ,  collaboration ,  networking and virtualization technologies ,  citrix powers mobile work styles and cloud services ,  making complex enterprise it simpler and more accessible for 260 , 000 organizations .  citrix products touch 75 percent of internet users each day and it partners with more than 10 , 000 companies in 100 countries .  annual revenue in 2011 was $2 . 21 billion .  learn more at www . citrix . com  .  the recruiting coordinator supports the recruiting function by interfacing with candidates ,  setting up interview schedules ,  arranging travel ,  facilitating the new hire process and overseeing the candidate management process in peoplefluent .  recruiting coordinator duties    schedules onsite interviews ,  coordinates interview days ,  arranges candidate travel ,  and handles expense reimbursements ,  as necessary    assists recruiters and hiring managers with all aspects of the interview process including arranging interview activities and acting as a liaison with candidates    organizes and maintains candidate recruiting files in peoplefluent  ( including eeoc tracking as instructed )     responsible for all candidate correspondence and follow - up    creates offer letters and routes for approval from appropriate parties    manages post - offer process for candidates in peoplefluent    initiates new hires in red carpet    initiates background checks ,  reviews results and flags issues    ensures all pre - hire tasks are completed by the candidate .     sends new hire management and new hire notifications    teams with various groups to ensure candidate has a smooth new hire transition    attends meet & greet and verifies i - 9 information    resolves any open issues pertaining to new hires    oversees and ensures accuracy of all candidate records in peoplefluent ,  which includes administrative activities required to maintain compliance  ( applicant files ,  etc )     coordinates and provides support for job fairs    performs administrative support functions as necessary for the recruiting team including ordering supplies ,  scheduling meetings ,  organizing travel and other related support activities    other duties as assigned  qualifications and requirements qualifications  ( knowledge ,  skills ,  abilities )     basic understanding of networking and data communications .  ability to multi - task and prioritize    strong organizational skills and detail orientation    excellent verbal and written communication skills    ability to effectively solve problems and overcome challenges    provide consistently high quality work with minimal errors    professionalism and positive demeanor    must be a team player  requirements  ( education ,  certification ,  training ,  experience )     minimum high school diploma    prefer one to three years of recruitment support experience ,  customer service ,  administrative ,  or related work experience    prefer experience with a high - volume recruitment process    prefer experience with applicant tracking system and knowledge of recruiting process    intermediate level skill with microsoft office suite    please note that this is a contract role which will be managed through our external contract vendor .      li - mr1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
  ?  return to previous search results log in | job cart  (  0  )   customer insights content marketer  location  us -  ca ,  santa clara req #  18906 talent area  product design preferred experience  entry level preferred education  bachelors degree apply add to job cart  position summary about us .  citrix is a leading provider of virtual computing solutions that help people work and play from anywhere ,  on any device .  innovation ,  creativity and a passion for ever - improving performance drive our company and our people forward .  citrix solutions pave the way for business to thrive in the cloud era ,  embracing mobile users ,  personal devices ,  wireless access ,  app stores ,  saas ,  and cloud infrastructure .  we’re currently looking for a customer focused customer insights content marketer to join our customer experience group .  in this position ,  you won’t just be writing awesome content – you will be responsible for distilling and curating the customer experience work ,  listening to the voice of the customer ,  and building engagement with internal stakeholders .  you ll be dreaming up various ways to share customer insights through content ,  programs and telling compelling customer - driven stories through various mediums across the entire company .  you ll be expected to optimize every aspect of your content and for effectively communicating customer insights concepts ,  findings ,  and results to the organization .  to achieve this ,  responsibilities for the position include     create ,  develop and manage the communication of customer insights initiatives and results across the organization ,  inclusive of the online customer insights portal .     review ,  curate and aid in disseminating learning and insights from customer research performed across the customer experience organization .     to own and manage the customer experience content communication calendar and backlog .     to measure and drive optimization of the content consumption across the entire company .     to serve as the editor for all content created by the team .     develop and maintain the voice of the customer portal .     aid in establishing project strategies ,  objectives and implementation plans  execute against your own customer insights initiatives and report progress .     develop and document customer insights best practices .   qualifications and requirements experience / skills     demonstrated track record  ( 2+ years )  of developing successful content engagement with measurable results .     very strong writing and editing skills required .     previous background in leading customer experience focused improvement initiatives preferred .     demonstrated experience in project management and managing strategic cross - functional projects .     exceptional communication and interpersonal skills .     understanding of customer satisfaction ,  loyalty and nps drivers would be ideal .     ability to work independently and adapt quickly to change .     experience building content marketing nurturing tracks a plus .     experience working in multi - media formats a plus .     experience with marketing automation tools such as eloqua or marketo a plus .     proficiency in excel and power point .     ba / bs or equivalent work experience required  mba preferred .   working with citrix puts you in the forefront of technology .  engage and discover the possibilities when you take your career to the unequivocal leader of service and application delivery .  every day ,  our teams are developing solutions that are deployed in thousands of networks around the globe to optimize ,  secure and control the delivery of all enterprise and cloud services .  elevate to the world s most advanced cloud network platform by applying online for the customer insights content marketer .   li - de1  join our talent network apply add to job cart     
 responsibilities district ss14 includes beaumont ,  canyon springs ,  inland center mall ,  la quinta ,  palm desert ,  rancho mirage ,  redlands ,  and riverside you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities   engages with our bilingual customers in both spanish and english .    you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications   bilingual in spanish is required .     we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities sn07 includes carson ,  downey ,  hawthorne ,  huntington park ,  inglewood ,  lynwood ,  torrance you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities preferred locations are basking ridge ,  nj the primary focus of this position will be to provide legal support for verizon’s strategic sourcing transactions .  the sourcing and supply chain organization is responsible for contracts with a value of over $30b annually .  verizon depends on the organization to help reduce expenses by more than $1 . 5b a year ,  to increase margin and to maximize shareholder value .  the organization is a leader in the focus on “one verizon” ,  as it has responsibilities for sourcing transactions for corporate and all lines of business .  lawyers who support the organization have a unique vantage point to learn and understand the business goals and strategic imperatives .  position responsibilities include the following  draft ,  negotiate and review sourcing contracts and provide advice on complex commercial transactions .  advise senior management on commercial transactions ,  to include providing advice and guidance on complex contract issues and appropriate risk allocation for strategic and core business transactions .  provide advice and guidance on compliance issues related to sourcing and procurement matters .  ensure that the business is viewing the implications of contracts from an end to end perspective ,  and to understand how each contract fits into the company’s strategic imperatives .  coordinate with other in - house counsel on a wide variety of issues related to verizon’s sourcing activities .  ability and professional maturity to balance business and contract goals against legal ,  business ,  policy and reputational risks ,  and to have the judgment to make reasoned decisions to take appropriate risks .  qualifications law degree from an accredited law school .  excellent academic performance in law school .  active member in good standing of at least one state bar .  8+ years of recent ,  relevant ,  proven legal experience with a law firm and / or ina ?  ? house with a company .  experience in a corporate legal department preferred .  demonstrated strong interpersonal and senior management relationship skills .  solid background in commercial contracting  ( drafting ,  reviewing and negotiating complex contracts )  including experience in the areas of software licensing ,  equipment resale ,  technology outsourcing ,  information security and / or privacy .  thorough understanding and knowledge of contract and business law .  thorough understanding of the telecommunications or technology industries .  excellent written and verbal communication skills are mandatory .  must be extremely detail - oriented and possess strong organizational and multia ?  ? tasking skills .  energetic ,  self - starter with a strong sense of ownership and involvement is critical .  positive attitude and good judgment .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  district ss13 includes fontana ,  hesperia ,  jess ranch ,  north fontana ,  ontario ,  rialto ,  victoria gardens ,  and victorville qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities district ss12 includes chino ,  corona ,  corona crossings ,  mira loma ,  montclair ,  ranch cucamonga ,  and upland .  you’re focused on your future – on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you’ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that’s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you’re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .  your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it’s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart – and makes you a perfect fit for our team .  qualifications we’re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .  in return for your talent and dedication ,  we’ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .  take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .  equal employment opportunity we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities  locations  walnut creek ,  ca  at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?  widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .   that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .   a verizon entry level role will give you a chance to channel your drive and enthusiasm .  it will be an experience that puts you front and center ,  allowing you to be hands - on and contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  and because we know the value of your education ,  we pay you for the talent and solutions you bring to the table .   our entry level engineering roles offer you the opportunity to be involved in meaningful work and projects .  you ll work alongside the best technical minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class technical training programs that prepare engineering team members to engage with the latest technologies .  your work will influence exciting and challenging projects such as new product development ,  machine - to - machine technology ,  cloud computing ,  technical operations ,  and fios .   qualifications  qualifications for success     a bachelor’s degree in computer science ,  electrical engineering ,  computer engineering ,  or equivalent major   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   solid computer programming training and a master knowledge with c / c++ ,  java and matlab   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   strong computer skills in ms office  ( especially excel )    enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  preferred qualifications     familiarity with r ,  pig and hive a plus   a solid foundation in machine learning ,  statistical analysis ,  large scale computation technology   previous related internship / work experience preferred  candidates are encouraged to apply by going to www . verizon . com / campus .   candidates must create an application and apply in order to be considered .   our recruiters will review your application for available opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities   retail leadership development program  ( rldp )  operations  you’ll begin your journey at verizon wireless in a retail store operations role learning the essential skills for success ,  such as  voice products and data knowledge ,  inventory and financial controls ,  solid customer relationship development ,  accountability and compliance for customer transactions .  sales  after learning the essentials ,  you’ll be able to grow your earning potential in a sales position ,  where you’ll be responsible for  managing and exceeding quota / revenue targets ,  demonstrating equipment functions and network capability ,  proposing solutions that best benefit the company and the customer ,  ensuring customer satisfaction with every sale ,  retaining customer business ,  renewing contracts ,  presenting data solutions ,  and offering accessories designed to enhance the verizon wireless experience .  leadership  finally ,  you will have the opportunity to showcase your selling skills in a supervisory role .  here you’ll be required to  monitor daily store results to ensure sales ,  retention ,  and objective compliance ,  supervise ,  educate and motivate a team of sales reps .  to exceed quota goals ,  comply with necessary merchandizing requirements ,  complete monthly reporting and prepare for quarterly audits .    qualifications   our ideal candidate will bring the following qualifications    bachelor’s degree in retail management /  business management   leadership skills  ( student groups ,  internships ,  work ,  etc .  )    minimum 3 . 0 gpa   strong interpersonal ,  verbal ,  and communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office suite   ability to analyze customer needs ,  present solutions and add value through delivery of products and services   work well in a fast - changing environment that requires a high degree of multi - tasking   effective sales ,  negotiation and closing skills   flexible work schedule ,  including nights and weekends   ambition ,  energy ,  and a desire to achieve and succeed   bilingual skills are a plus if you’re ready to achieve and motivate others to do the same—a top performer looking to prove yourself—verizon wireless is the place for you .    equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326275     
 responsibilities you re focused on your future on finding the right fit for your talent and charisma ,  and making your presence known .  and when you join verizon wireless ,  you ll find unlimited opportunities to evolve ,  excel and amplify your success with a company that s continually redefining the communications industry .  if you re ready to make your mark with a team that thrives on collaboration ,  you need to consider a future as a verizon wireless retail sales representative .   your record is defined by meeting challenges head - on and always striving for excellence .  and it s that tireless drive ,  coupled with your strong interpersonal skills and natural instinct to see opportunities at every turn ,  that sets you apart and makes you a perfect fit for our team .   qualifications we re looking for someone who has what it takes to close sales ,  beat quotas and rack up commissions .  you should have at least 1 - 2 years of sales experience in a commission environment .  a college degree and bilingual spanish skills are a definite plus .  you must also be able to move throughout the store to actively engage customers ,  demonstrate products ,  and effectively execute the sales function .   in return for your talent and dedication ,  we ll proudly support you with comprehensive benefits worthy of the name total rewards ,  including  award - winning training ,  a competitive salary ,  medical / dental / vision from day one ,  401 ( k )  ,  work - life programs ,  phone discounts ,  generous tuition assistance ,  and unlimited opportunities to maximize your career potential .   take a giant leap toward a career for everything you are .  visit us at careersatverizonwireless . com .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities   joining verizon’s team puts you at the intersection of the latest communication ,  technology ,  and information sharing trends .  at verizon ,  we value the ideas ,  enthusiasm ,  and ambition that you bring .  we  ll expect you to take ownership of your job ,  your projects ,  and your career .  our entry level roles within the finance operations organization ,  offers you the opportunity to become a leader in finance at verizon  be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily business operations  attend learning programs and training sessions .  you  ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your finance knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  the ideal candidate must be able to work with multiple systems ,  communicate directly with internal and external customers at various organization levels ,  analyze and validate data ,  document processes and conduct various audits .  collaborates with management and process stakeholders to drive root cause resolution for problematic data ,  researches defective records and defines resolution plans under management supervision ,  the ability to communicate promptly and effectively as well as negotiate significant dispute resolutions is critical for success .    qualifications    a degree in accounting ,  finance ,  or business administration is preferred   3 . 0 gpa or higher preferred   the ability to effectively communicate and maintain close working relationships with various clients   strong written and verbal communication skills ,  high standard of personal performance ,  independent thinker ,  works effectively in dynamic ,  fast - moving ,  constantly changing environment   strong analytical ,  communication ,  leadership and presentation skills   demonstrated skills for business success ,  including project management ,  problem - solving ,  and the ability to diagnose and meet business demands   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn   highly proficient with ms office suite of products  ( word ,  excel ,  powerpoint )  if interested ,  please visit verizon . com / careers to review and apply to current opportunities .  you must create an application and apply in order to be considered .  the verizon staffing team will review your application for available entry - level finance opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .    equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326139     
 responsibilities   ( dec 2013 or later graduates )   key locations  bellevue ,  wa  at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?   widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .   that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .   a verizon internship is a chance to channel your drive and enthusiasm .  an experience that puts you front and center .  hands - on .  contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  and because we know the value of your education ,  we pay you for the talent and solutions you bring to the table .   in this summer internship program you will be offered an opportunity to be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily operations  attend informational sessions  participate in networking activities with other interns ,  professionals ,  and business leaders .  you ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally throughout the program .   internships are available in  the following area     sales operations internship  ( retail sales ops )   qualifications    currently enrolled in a bachelors / masters degree program majoring in sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management major preferred   must be currently enrolled in a full time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   gpa 3 . 0 or greater preferred   previous related work / internship experience preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  start dates for these entry - level opportunities are typically in the spring / summer .   if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities   the member of applications staff works as a member of the applications development team .  typically ,  the incumbent will require close supervision and a significant amount of training .  however ,  it is expected that the member of applications staff will increasingly demonstrate the ability to work independently .  works as a team member on small to intermediate size projects of low to average complexity .  works under the direction and supervision of senior applications staff and management .  completes assigned applications tasks on time  ( e . g .  ,  design ,  development ,  testing ,  maintenance ,  documentation ,  etc .  )  .  performs problem resolution activities according to established procedures and makes supervised decisions that impact assignments .  proactively communicates status reports and critical issues to manager .  successfully completes all relevant technical and professional training programs in accordance with performance agreement goals and objectives .  pos is a very diverse group catering to the provisioning & maintenance related transactions of a large section of the vzw user base .  it spans from our retail stores ,  to indirect verizon authorized sellers ,  to orders being placed by telesales reps ,  as well as large b2b orders .  we have evolved over the past few years ,  and have a fully functional & award winning pos mobile application that s been used extensively by the retail reps .  since most of the applications used are web based ,  we rely heavily on resources that are very knowledgeable in java / j2ee ,  jsp / servlets ,  java script ,  ajax ,  jquery ,  html 5 ,  css3 ,  velocity ,  json .  a sound knowledge of web services is essential to cater to our soa layer ,  through which we communicate to multiple systems within and outside vzw using rest and soap & xml over http   qualifications   bachelors degree in computer science / information systems and some experience in a client relations and / or hardware / software support position is preferred  or an equivalent combination of education and work experience technical aptitude ,  including the ability to understand detailed technical information pc literacy ,  including working knowledge of desktop applications  ( e . g .  ,  microsoft office ,  e - mail ,  etc .  )  b . s .  electrical / electronic / computer engineering ,  m . s .  preferred .  1 - 2 years experience with web - based applications ,  soa  ( services oriented architectures )  and web application servers  (  bea weblogic ,  websphere )  is desirable .  experience in web application development ,  mobile development  ( ios ,  android ,  windows )  ,  ajax ,  jquery ,  html 5 ,  css3 ,  velocity ,  json .  rest and soap based web services development is desirable .  1 - 2 years of development of ui applications which can port on mobile ,  desktop versions ,  spring ,  java persistence api  ( open jpa ,  hibernate ,  spring jdbc )  and mq is desirable .  sun certifications like scjp ,  scbd ,  scwcd would be preferred .  committed to learning to stay ahead of the curve user focused able to listen to business and user demands knowledge of industry best practices in web design ,  information design and usability .  competency in relational database structures and sql .  working knowledge of information systems concepts   equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  312563     
 responsibilities   ( dec 2013 or later graduates )   key locations  bellevue ,  wa  at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?   widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .   that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .   a verizon internship is a chance to channel your drive and enthusiasm .  an experience that puts you front and center .  hands - on .  contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  and because we know the value of your education ,  we pay you for the talent and solutions you bring to the table .   in this summer internship program you will be offered an opportunity to be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily operations  attend informational sessions  participate in networking activities with other interns ,  professionals ,  and business leaders .  you ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally throughout the program .   internships are available in  the following area     sales operations internship  ( marketing )   qualifications    currently enrolled in a bachelors / masters degree program majoring in sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management major preferred   must be currently enrolled in a full time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   gpa 3 . 0 or greater preferred   previous related work / internship experience preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  start dates for these entry - level opportunities are typically in the spring / summer .   if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities   verizon communications inc .  is a global leader in delivering broadband and other wireless and wireline communications services to mass market ,  business ,  government and wholesale customers .  a dow 30 company ,  verizon employs a diverse workforce of more than 194 , 000 and last year generated consolidated revenues of $106 . 6 billion .  the it auditor – data scientist will be part of an objective assurance and consulting team that is independently managed within verizon communications designed to add value and improve operations .  the internal audit team assists the audit committee of the board of directors and verizon management in accomplishing their objectives by bringing a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the overall control environment ,  risk management ,  and governance processes .  the internal audit staff gains extensive exposure to diverse aspects of verizon  s business .  these audit assignments include increasing levels of responsibilities and presentations to senior management ,  making internal audit an excellent place to work for high potential employees .  have you read malcolm gladwell  s books ?  or the string of other authors solving business challenges through data mining ?  are you interested in a path to becoming a data scientist ?  do you have what it take to develop great business acumen ?  leverage your critical thinking and problem solving skills while leveraging technical tools to analyze large complex data sets ?  if so then these responsibilities could be yours .  the it auditor – data scientist supports a high performance forensic and audit analytics team in its efforts to identify and drive data mining efforts through a risk based approach .  the enthusiasm in this position helps mitigate fraud ,  identify misconduct and control gaps utilizing data mining and analysis .  responsibilities include the following    passion for growth and learning new techniques with vigor and enthusiasm .  strong individual contributor with top notch team collaboration skills .  working with the team of six peers with over 70 years of data warehousing ,  programming ,  data mining ,  software design and project management experience .    strong ability to independently and proactively initiate projects ,  hypothesize business transaction flows and fraudulent scenarios .    design ,  extract ,  normalize ,  analyze ,  review and automate analysis for internal audit utilizing enterprise data warehouse ,  extracts and data mining tools  coordinate with business for outside data source requirements .    consolidates issues for management level review  develops clear written recommendations ,  which require minimal editing  presents recommendations and resolves issues with management   design ,  develop ,  maintain and communicate visual dashboards .    design and develop ad - hoc analysis based on business requirement needs .    identify and use appropriate investigative and analytical technologies to interpret and verify results .    coordinate with business to ensure follow - up and resolution of exceptions including specific individual resolution as well as root - cause analysis and control gap identification .    review large software implementations to identify transaction flow gaps ,  design flaws and data integrity issues .    actively participates in the completion of department initiatives to support the development of a best - in - class internal audit function .    maintain databases and related programs in a thorough and efficient manner .    take part in training courses to increase skill set and technical capabilities in order to better serve the needs of the analytics team .    qualifications    strong business analytical skills a must  ability to apply business logic to design and implement data mining techniques on large data sets .    projects with evidence of creative and critical thinking a must .    experience in using and managing forensic technologies ,  including data analysis tools .  highly proficient in one of the following  acl ,  idea ,  sql ,  excel or access .    understanding of data warehousing is a must .    experience designing ,  developing ,  implementing and maintaining a database and programs to manage data analysis efforts .    demonstrated ability to work independently and within a team in a fast changing environment with changing priorities and changing time constraints .    strong interpersonal skills and ability to multi - task .    ability to interpret business requests as well as communicate findings in a user - friendly manner .    bs / ba degree in management information systems ,  computer science ,  accounting ,  business ,  finance or related field .  masters degree a plus .  at least a 3 . 0 / 4 . 0 overall gpa or equivalent   requires an internship with related work experience  knowledge of technology ,  auditing ,  accounting ,  finance ,  or economics .  preferred qualifications   experience in normalizing data to ensure it is homogeneous and consistently formatted to enable sorting ,  query and analysis .    ability to write clear ,  concise reports and presentations with an ability to orally communicate effectively  organizational and documentation skills a must .    an understanding of risk management methodology and factors .    experience designing ,  developing ,  implementing and maintaining a database and programs to manage data analysis efforts .    consolidates issues for management level review  develops clear written recommendations ,  which require minimal editing  presents recommendations and resolves issues with management job id  314322     
 responsibilities  retail leadership development program  ( rldp )   operations  you’ll begin your journey at verizon wireless in a retail store operations role learning the essential skills for success ,  such as  voice products and data knowledge ,  inventory and financial controls ,  solid customer relationship development ,  accountability and compliance for customer transactions .   sales  after learning the essentials ,  you’ll be able to grow your earning potential in a sales position ,  where you’ll be responsible for  managing and exceeding quota / revenue targets ,  demonstrating equipment functions and network capability ,  proposing solutions that best benefit the company and the customer ,   ensuring customer satisfaction with every sale ,   retaining customer business ,  renewing contracts ,  presenting data solutions ,  and offering accessories designed to enhance the verizon wireless experience .   leadership  finally ,  you will have the opportunity to showcase your selling skills in a supervisory role .  here you’ll be required to  monitor daily store results to ensure sales ,  retention ,  and objective compliance ,  supervise ,  educate and motivate a team of sales reps .  to exceed quota goals ,  comply with necessary merchandizing requirements ,  complete monthly reporting and prepare for quarterly audits .   qualifications  our ideal candidate will bring the following qualifications   • bachelor’s degree in retail management /  business management  • leadership skills  ( student groups ,  internships ,  work ,  etc .  )   • minimum 3 . 0 gpa  • strong interpersonal ,  verbal ,  and communication skills  • proficiency in microsoft office suite  • ability to analyze customer needs ,  present solutions and add value through delivery of products and services  • work well in a fast - changing environment that requires a high degree of multi - tasking  • effective sales ,  negotiation and closing skills  • flexible work schedule ,  including nights and weekends  • ambition ,  energy ,  and a desire to achieve and succeed  • bilingual skills are a plus  if you’re ready to achieve and motivate others to do the same—a top performer looking to prove yourself—verizon wireless is the place for you .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities    engineering entry level opportunities    locations    irvine ,  ca  walnut creek ,  ca  palo alto ,  ca  tampa ,  fl  waltham ,  ma  bedminster ,  nj  branchburg ,  nj  bridgeville ,  pa  houston ,  tx  westlake ,  tx at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we  re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?  widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .  that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .  a verizon entry level role will give you a chance to channel your drive and enthusiasm .  it will be an experience that puts you front and center ,  allowing you to be hands - on and contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  and because we know the value of your education ,  we pay you for the talent and solutions you bring to the table .  our entry level engineering roles offer you the opportunity to be involved in meaningful work and projects .  you  ll work alongside the best technical minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class technical training programs that prepare engineering team members to engage with the latest technologies .  your work will influence exciting and challenging projects such as new product development ,  machine - to - machine technology ,  cloud computing ,  technical operations ,  and fios .  full time opportunities are available in areas including    new product development   data center services   service delivery & project management   client services   cloud technology   wireless device testing   network operations  ( noc / nrb )    desktop support   application testing   software development   network design and optimization   technical operations   website design   qualifications    qualifications for success      a bachelor’s / master’s degree in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering ,  or equivalent major ,  preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   strong computer skills in ms office  ( especially excel )    enthusiasm and eagerness to learn   previous related internship / work experience preferred candidates are encouraged to apply by going to www . verizon . com / campus .  candidates must create an application and apply in order to be considered .    equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  325677     
 responsibilities  at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?   widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .   that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .   a verizon internship is a chance to channel your drive and enthusiasm .  an experience that puts you front and center .  hands - on .  contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  and because we know the value of your education ,  we pay you for the talent and solutions you bring to the table .   in this summer internship program you will be offered an opportunity to be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily operations  attend informational sessions  participate in networking activities with other interns ,  professionals ,  and business leaders .  you ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally throughout the program .   internship opportunities are available in the following area     customer service internship  ( call center )   qualifications  qualifications for success     currently enrolled in a bachelors / masters degree program majoring in sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management major preferred   must be currently enrolled in a full time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   gpa 3 . 0 or greater preferred   previous related work / internship experience preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  candidates graduating after december 2013  ( interns )  are encouraged to apply at www . verizon . com / campus .  start dates for these entry - level opportunities are typically in the spring / summer .   our recruiters will review your application for available intern hr opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities   at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we  re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?  widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .  that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .  verizon offers a hands - on experience that puts you front and center ,  contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  at verizon ,  we value the ideas ,  enthusiasm ,  and ambition that you bring .  we  ll expect you to take ownership of your job ,  your projects ,  and your career .  there truly are no limits to what you can achieve .  in this 10 - 12 week summer internship program you will be offered an opportunity to be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily operations  attend informational sessions  participate in networking activities with other interns ,  professionals ,  and business leaders .  you  ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your marketing knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally throughout the program .  use your summer vacation to prepare for a bright future .    qualifications   qualifications for success    currently enrolled in an undergraduate / graduate degree program in marketing ,  business administration ,  or equivalent major   currently enrolled in a full time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   previous marketing internship / work experience preferred   interest in pursuing a career in marketing   strong command of ms office products  ( specifically excel and powerpoint )    strong analytical ability and strategic thinking   strong technical ,  presentation ,  & leadership skills enthusiasm and eagerness to learn   equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326297     
   responsibilities   at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we  re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?  widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .  that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .  mba marketing internship in this 10 - week rotation you will put your business school talents to work while receiving comprehensive experience supporting our industry - leading marketing teams .  through your project assignments ,  you will learn from the best minds in the industry ,  meet and work with corporate leaders ,  and have a unique opportunity to use your knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  as a part of your career development ,  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  additionally ,  our mba internship experience is designed to prepare you to transition smoothly to a full - time opportunity with our enterprise - wide marketing rotational program ,  the marketing verizon leadership development program”  ( vldp )  .  so ,  if you have an appreciation for innovative technology ,  wireless devices ,  applications and / or web and software development ,  apply now !  mba marketing intern can expect to    work in a group setting to tackle challenging business issues facing vzw and the wireless industry   influence the strategic direction for  ( and across )  selected business and consumer product lines  ( 4g lte ,  accessories ,  messaging )    understand how elements such as product positioning ,  pricing strategy ,  competitive landscape ,  etc tie into vzw’s product development strategy   market your skills at the executive level within a world - class technology company   present and have exposure to senior executives such as the cmo and vp’s of the marketing organization   qualifications    qualifications for success     currently enrolled in an mba program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   3 - 5 years of work experience within a marketing ,  product development or engineering function preferred   strong command of ms office products  ( specifically excel and powerpoint )    strong analytical ability and strategic thinking   strong technical ,  presentation ,  & leadership skills enthusiasm and eagerness to learn   equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326301     
   responsibilities   a verizon internship in b2b sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .  our sales intern roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you  ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .    qualifications   to be successful you’ll need    to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn our recruiters will review your application for available sales opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .    equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326049     
   responsibilities   marketing and sales internship responsibilities  key locations  southfield ,  mi with some travel to indiana and kentucky .  a verizon marketing internship is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver marketing solutions to the business the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to support the sales team in matching technological solutions with customer needs .  our entry level marketing roles offer you the opportunity to work in an array of functions to effectively position our products in the marketplace and maximize return on investment .  you  ll work alongside the best professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip team members with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will be exposed to innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios .  responsibilities include    help plan field marketing events including scheduling events ,  managing giveaways and raffle items ,  creating signage and onsite displays .    provide insight for marketing to college students  ( work on recommendations for college ambassador program )    contribute to development of grass roots marketing initiatives that focus on 2014 verizon priorities   assist with any adhoc or office management activities .    qualifications   to be successful you’ll need    to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn our recruiters will review your application for available marketing internships at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .    equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326048     
 responsibilities  at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?   widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .   that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .   verizon offers a hands - on experience that puts you front and center ,  contributing your creative energy to high - impact projects from the moment you arrive .  at verizon ,  we value the ideas ,  enthusiasm ,  and ambition that you bring .   we ll expect you to take ownership of your job ,  your projects ,  and your career .   there truly are no limits to what you can achieve .   in this 10 - 12 week summer internship program you will be offered an opportunity to be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily operations  attend informational sessions  participate in networking activities with other interns ,  professionals ,  and business leaders .  you ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your marketing knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .   you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally throughout the program .  use your summer vacation to prepare for a bright future .   qualifications  qualifications  for success     currently enrolled in an undergraduate / graduate degree program in marketing ,  business administration ,  or equivalent major    currently enrolled in a full time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   previous marketing internship / work experience preferred   interest in pursuing a career in marketing   strong command of ms office products  ( specifically excel and powerpoint )    strong analytical ability and strategic thinking   strong technical ,  presentation ,  & leadership skills  enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
   responsibilities   at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we  re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?  widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .  that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .    job description    joining verizon’s team puts you at the intersection of the latest communication ,  technology ,  and information sharing trends .  at verizon ,  we value the ideas ,  enthusiasm ,  and ambition that you bring .  we  ll expect you to take ownership of your job ,  your projects ,  and your career .  our 9 - week summer internship program offers you the opportunity to become a leader in finance at verizon  be involved in meaningful work / projects  be exposed to daily business operations  attend learning programs and training sessions  and participate in networking activities with other interns ,  professionals ,  and business leaders .  you  ll learn from the best minds in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your accounting and finance knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally throughout the program .  the intern program is targeted at select students who have completed their sophomore year of college and are interested in a cpa career track .  sophomore interns that perform with excellence will be invited back for a second summer rotation in 2015 .    qualifications    qualifications for success     college sophomores are preferred for this program .  juniors will be considered if they are part of a 5 - year program that leads to a graduate degree   accounting and finance are the preferred college majors   minimum gpa of 3 . 2 is preferred   internships will occur in basking ridge ,  nj  orlando ,  fl and potentially additional locations   applicants must have strong analytic ,  communication ,  leadership and presentation skills   demonstrated skills for business success ,  including project management ,  problem - solving ,  and the ability to diagnose and meet business demands   strong ms office skills  ( especially excel )    benefits     competitively compensated internship with potential for employment over two summers for continuing students   experience solving significant business challenges in collaborative ,  team - based environment   formal training and development opportunities   exposure to senior executives that provide insight and guidance on leadership at verizon   developing your career path and network for success at verizon after college   equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  320503     
 responsibilities  at verizon ,  our people are busy changing the world—tackling the toughest challenges in areas like healthcare ,  energy ,  public safety ,  and education .  with an outward focus on our customers and integrity at our core ,  we re creating technology solutions that help businesses optimize their operations ,  families connect from anywhere ,  and whole communities leave smaller ,  greener footprints .  the result ?   widespread impact on the way people live ,  work and play across the entire globe .   that’s why we need the best and the brightest minds to join our team .  people like you— determined to push boundaries ,  drive real change ,  and help us create a smarter ,  better future for all .   mba marketing internship in this 10 - week rotation you will put your business school talents to work while receiving comprehensive experience supporting our industry - leading marketing teams .  through your project assignments ,  you will learn from the best minds in the industry ,  meet and work with corporate leaders ,  and have a unique opportunity to use your knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  as a part of your career development ,  you will be introduced to useful tools and resources that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  additionally ,  our mba internship experience is designed to prepare you to transition smoothly to a full - time opportunity with our enterprise - wide marketing rotational program ,  the “marketing verizon leadership development program”  ( vldp )  .  so ,  if you have an appreciation for innovative technology ,  wireless devices ,  applications and / or web and software development ,  apply now !   mba marketing intern can expect to  • work in a group setting to tackle challenging business issues facing vzw and the wireless industry • influence the strategic direction for  ( and across )  selected business and consumer product lines  ( 4g lte ,  accessories ,  messaging )  • understand how elements such as product positioning ,  pricing strategy ,  competitive landscape ,  etc tie into vzw’s product development strategy • market your skills at the executive level within a world - class technology company • present and have exposure to senior executives such as the cmo and vp’s of the marketing organization  qualifications  qualifications for success     currently enrolled in an mba program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship   3 - 5 years of work experience within a marketing ,  product development or engineering function preferred   strong command of ms office products  ( specifically excel and powerpoint )    strong analytical ability and strategic thinking   strong technical ,  presentation ,  & leadership skills  enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 job description  summary description  seasonal  ( oct 2013 to jan 2014 ,  specific dates may vary by site )  the fulfillment center medical representative will provide functions such as  provide functions such as first aid to injured or ill employees ,  proactively analyze tasks for potential safety issues ,  participate in the worker’s compensation process ,  and implement a site wellness program .   detailed description     provide triage ,  first aid and /  or referral to outside medical provider ,  if needed .    maintain all records of care given to employees .    maintain first - aid kits ,  inventory supplies ,  restock and clean equipment used in the care of employees .    contact outside medical providers as needed to schedule appointments ,  and if needed restriction clarification ,  or arrange further treatment .    train employee volunteers in first aid ,  cpr ,  aed ,  blood borne pathogen training .    provide daily end of shift reports to the safety and leadership team .    provide analysis of all incidents on a monthly basis coupled and make recommendations for risk reductions on work place injuries .    participate in weekly site case management review meetings with hr ,  risk management and safety .    participate in incident investigations as needed .    develop a return to work physical demands assessments for each task .    participates in facilitation of random drug testing .    establish an equipment inspection schedule and verify that the all equipment is being inspected by reviewing tags for compliance .    participate in the employee safety committee meetings .    evaluate stretching program assist safety with custom tailored stretching program ,  possibly through coordination with the off - site medical provider or physical therapy department .    meet and greet new hires during orientation .    be actively involved with site kaizens  ( process analysis and improvement project )    learn every job function in facility to fully understand the ergonomic risk factors   frequent floor time is required to better under the needs of operations .    help coordinate annual onsite health fair .    update the communication board with proactive health and wellness tips .   essential skills ,  knowledge and experience     ability to communicate safety needs at all levels of the organization .    strong analytical skills  analyze accident data ,  new processes ,  and machinery for potential safety concerns and conduct job hazard and job safety analyses .   basic qualifications    must have current and valid emt certification from the department of health for the state you are practicing in   must have a current and valid card evidencing successful completion of a cpr course at the basic life support for healthcare provider level  ( american heart association )  or professional rescuer  ( american red cross )    high school diploma or ged equivalent required   associate will be required to maintain all emt and cpr credentials throughout employment at amazon   proficiency in microsoft office   3 + years of experience as a full time emt responding to emergency calls  preferred qualifications    bachelor s degree   candidate must be certified to teach first aid ,  cpr ,  and aed   experience leading and managing a team .    experience with osha regulations specifically 29 cfr 1910     
 job description  enterprise sales representative would you like to be part of a team focused on increasing adoption of amazon web services by developing strategic accounts with the fortune 1000 ?  do you have the business savvy and the technical background necessary to help establish amazon as a key technology platform provider ?  as an enterprise sales representative you will have the exciting opportunity to help drive the growth and shape the future of an emerging technology .  your responsibilities will include driving revenue ,  adoption ,  and market penetration in enterprise accounts .   the ideal candidate will possess both a sales and technical background that enables them to drive an engagement at the cxo level as well as with software developers and it architects .  he / she should also be a self - starter who is prepared to develop and execute against a territory coverage plan and consistently deliver on quarterly revenue targets .  limited travel required .  exceptional selling skills via phone and webex required .   roles & responsibilities  · drive revenue and market share in a defined territory or industry vertical .  · meet or exceed quarterly revenue targets .  · develop and execute against a comprehensive account / territory plan .  · create & articulate compelling value propositions around aws services .  · accelerate customer adoption .  · maintain a robust sales pipeline .  · work with partners to extend reach & drive adoption .  · manage contract negotiations .  · develop long - term strategic relationships with key accounts .  · ensure customer satisfaction .  · limited travel .   -  exceptional selling skills via phone and webex required .   qualifications  · 7+ years of technology related sales or business development experience .  · ba / bs degree required .  · a technical background in engineering ,  computer science ,  or mis a plus .  · direct field experience in working with enterprise accounts .  · strong verbal and written communications skills .  · extensive customer network .      for more information on amazon web services ,  please visit http  /  / aws . amazon . com  basic qualifications    7 – 10 years of technology related sales or business development experience   ba .  .  .    a technical background in engineering ,  computer science ,  or mis a plus   direct field experience in working with enterprise accounts   extensive customer network  preferred qualifications    strong verbal and written communications skills     for more information on amazon web services ,  please visit http  /  / aws . amazon . com     li - br1 aws - sales - na     
 job description  at amazon ,  we strive to be earth’s most customer - centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online .  we hire the world’s brightest minds ,  offering them an environment in which they can relentlessly improve the customer experience .  innovation and creativity are built into the dna of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment .  every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity .  we’re making history and the good news is we’ve only just begun .  amazon ,  one of the top 100 companies in the united states ,  has an immediate opening for a junior it technician in our fulfillment center .  fulfillment centers throughout the u . s .  handle millions of items from tens of thousands of vendors and ships them across the globe each day .  the successful junior it technician will be responsible for utilizing his / her skills to provide assistance to the operations team in resolving technical problems within the fulfillment center that cover a multitude of technical disciplines .  the junior it technician position is the first level of support for the operations of the fulfillment center and becomes the voice and face of the it department to our customers .  amazon seeks individuals who are willing to work hard ,  have fun ,  and join us in making worldwide history .  responsibilities include allocation and maintenance of it equipment throughout the fulfillment center .  this includes troubleshooting of all it related equipment such as pcs ,  wireless handheld devices ,  thin clients ,  printers and other end user devices .  junior it technicians are also responsible for the rma and repair process for all devices under warranty .  the junior it technician is a member of the larger it team within the fulfillment center and will specifically support the senior technicians in daily projects and activities as directed .  junior it technicians are also expected to participate in learning new technologies and career development opportunities as presented in an effort to progress to higher level positions within the it network .  all jr .  it positions will be on a rotation shift schedule between days and nights .  the position will also require supporting of multiple buildings around the area .  this position reports directly to the it manager for the fulfillment center .   amazon is an equal opportunity employer .   basic qualifications    understanding of basic computer / network concepts and terms   experience in microsoft office applications including but not limited to ms word ,  excel ,  power point ,  and outlook   excellent written and verbal communication skills   high school diploma or equivalent   stand / walk for 10 - 12 hours at a time   willingness to work flexible shifts and schedule including weekends ,  nights ,  and holidays   authorization to work in the u . s .  without sponsorship   must be highly self - motivated and customer - centric  preferred qualifications    experience troubleshooting thin clients ,  pcs ,  scanners ,  and portable handheld terminals   experience troubleshooting and maintaining laser printers and zebra printers .    inventory management skills   network + certification or equivalent experience / knowledge   a+ certified or equivalent experience / knowledge   1 - 3 years of experience working in a production environment   ability to manage multiple customer requests simultaneously   ability to prioritize work based on department and production objectives   willingness to relocate as business needs arise for career advancement opportunities     
 job description  amazon . com user experience design internships amazon is looking for talented ,  customer - focused user experience design interns to join our various company design teams .  this position requires strong organizational skills ,  passion for or experience with digital products ,  web expertise ,  and intrinsic design ability .  the ability to manage multiple projects and communicate with key stakeholders is essential .  placement of interns is determined by intern interest and business need .   amazon design internships help students gain real - world experience ,  build contacts ,  and learn from some of the best designers in the industry .  depending on intern’s interests ,  there will also be opportunities to shadow employees in related departments .   online portfolio of work is strongly encouraged  ( we will also accept pdf portfolios )  .   prerequisites  · provide online portfolio with resume ,  and as appropriate ,  printed materials · candidates must commit to 3 months ,  full time over the summer · selected candidates are required to come in for a friendly panel portfolio review with amazon designers  basic qualifications  basic qualifications  · 1 year minimum experience in a web production or classroom environment · currently enrolled in a 2 or 4 year design program at a university or community college  preferred qualifications  preferred qualifications  · demonstrated drive to pursue interaction or visual design · proficient in the adobe suite of software · familiarity with various working tools ,  such as axure · a grasp of the complexity of designing across multiple platforms · excellent attention to detail · strong communication skills · self - motivated and capable of working independently     
 job description  at amazon ,  we strive to be earth’s most customer - centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online .  we hire the world’s brightest minds ,  offering them an environment in which they can relentlessly improve the customer experience .  innovation and creativity are built into the dna of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment .  every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity .  we’re making history and the good news is we’ve only just begun .   amazon ,  one of the top 100 companies in the united states ,  has an immediate opening for a junior it technician in our fulfillment center .  fulfillment centers throughout the u . s .  handle millions of items from tens of thousands of vendors and ships them across the globe each day .  the successful junior it technician will be responsible for utilizing his / her skills to provide assistance to the operations team in resolving technical problems within the fulfillment center that cover a multitude of technical disciplines .  the junior it technician position is the first level of support for the operations of the fulfillment center and becomes the voice and face of the it department to our customers .  amazon seeks individuals who are willing to work hard ,  have fun ,  and join us in making worldwide history .   responsibilities include allocation and maintenance of it equipment throughout the fulfillment center .  this includes troubleshooting of all it related equipment such as pcs ,  wireless handheld devices ,  thin clients ,  printers and other end user devices .  junior it technicians are also responsible for the rma and repair process for all devices under warranty .  the junior it technician is a member of the larger it team within the fulfillment center and will specifically support the senior technicians in daily projects and activities as directed .  junior it technicians are also expected to participate in learning new technologies and career development opportunities as presented in an effort to progress to higher level positions within the it network .  all jr .  it positions will be on a rotation shift schedule between days and nights .  the position will also require supporting of multiple buildings around the area .  this position reports directly to the it manager for the fulfillment center .   amazon is an equal opportunity employer .   basic qualifications    understanding of basic computer / network concepts and terms   experience in microsoft office applications including but not limited to ms word ,  excel ,  power point ,  and outlook   excellent written and verbal communication skills   high school diploma or equivalent   stand / walk for 10 - 12 hours at a time   willingness to work flexible shifts and schedule including weekends ,  nights ,  and holidays   authorization to work in the u . s .  without sponsorship   must be highly self - motivated and customer - centric  preferred qualifications    experience troubleshooting thin clients ,  pcs ,  scanners ,  and portable handheld terminals   experience troubleshooting and maintaining laser printers and zebra printers .    inventory management skills   network + certification or equivalent experience / knowledge   a+ certified or equivalent experience / knowledge   1 - 3 years of experience working in a production environment   ability to manage multiple customer requests simultaneously   ability to prioritize work based on department and production objectives   willingness to relocate as business needs arise for career advancement opportunities     
 job description  work hard ,  have fun and make history with amazon’s legal team .  we are looking for a smart and motivated individual to provide administrative assistance to our amazon advertising and business development legal group .  responsibilities include drafting correspondence ,  coordinating agreement approvals and execution ,  tracking documents ,  maintaining status reports ,  word processing ,  performing general office tasks  ( such as calendaring ,  filing and budget tracking )  ,  and coordinating other legal and administrative matters with the business groups .   the successful candidate will possess the ability to work efficiently and independently  manage high volumes of tasks and projects with little guidance  react with appropriate urgency to situations and events that require a quick response or turnaround  take effective action without having to know the total picture  and think creatively and be proactive in solving problems that affect people within the group or other related groups .  the candidate will also be client - service oriented ,  have great attention to detail while still meeting tight deadlines ,  have great organization skills ,  and have the ability to easily switch gears .  a high level of professionalism ,  integrity ,  and discretion in handling confidential information ,  as well as the ability to work well with people at all levels inside and outside the company ,  is essential .   basic qualifications    the ideal candidate will have 3+ years experience as an administrative assistant .    knowledge of microsoft word is essential ,  and general comfort with learning new programs and software is a must .   preferred qualifications    strong written and oral communication skills are a must ,  as is the desire and aptitude for learning new concepts on the job .    the ideal candidate will have 3+ years experience as an administrative assistant .    legal administrative experience and a ba / bs are a plus but not required .   amazon is an equal opportunity employer     
 job description  amazon is looking for smart ,  analytical ,  customer - obsessed ,  and energetic undergraduates to help build a world - class shopping experience and serve as the leadership pipeline for our rapidly growing global retail business .  the retail undergraduate program is an ideal entry point to launch your career  we are dedicated to your success and provide all participants with a comprehensive onboarding experience and formalized training to supplement on - the - job learning .  undergrads also have access to career guidance and coaching on an ongoing basis .   as a part of the retail undergraduate program you may have end - to - end ownership of one of the many brands offered on amazon .  you may work across major functional areas such as ,  buying ,  inventory management ,  and online marketing to drive the performance of strategic vendor partners at amazon .   on a day - to - day basis you may manage revenue and profits ,  assist in negotiating for improved business terms ,  and optimize the supply chain to ensure products are available to customers .  in addition ,  you may be tasked with driving new customer acquisition and traffic through marketing initiatives that ensure customers can find what they want and what they never thought they needed .  we will provide you the amazon retail playbook as a starting point but will challenge you to come up with innovative and exciting ways to grow your business .   the program allows you to build a broad set of skills and prepares you for future leadership roles managing large ,  complex organizations and businesses .  you will be supported not only by leadership ,  but by a strong network of peers as well as tenured program participants hired through the retail undergraduate program .  the members of this community are enthusiastic and able to help you grow professionally while encouraging you to have fun in this fast - paced and exciting environment .  successful candidates will have amazonian dna  a bias for action  customer - centricity  flexibility  analytical ability  the drive to own ,  build ,  and grow  along with the ability to have a little bit of fun .   learn more about amazon’s values by reviewing our leadership principles .  please note  amazon is not able to offer visa sponsorship for this role .   amazon is an equal opportunity employer  work hard .  have fun .  make history .  join amazon  basic qualifications    currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program with a completed degree by july 2014   work ,  internship ,  or other leadership experience in a professional environment   computer skills ,  including microsoft office  ( i . e .  ,  excel ,  word )   preferred qualifications    top - tier academic performance at the undergraduate level   strong analytical skills   ability to deal with ambiguity   exceptional written and verbal communication   ability to break down and solve complex problems in a high - energy ,  fast paced environment   good organizational skills ,  including prioritization and time management     
 legal operations programs assistant job id 233141 location us - wa - seattle posted date 9 / 12 / 2013 company amazon corporate llc position category legal apply for this position   apply for this position online   e - mail this position to a friend position details job description work hard ,  have fun and make history with amazon’s legal team .  we are looking for a smart and motivated individual to provide administrative assistance to our amazon legal operations group .  responsibilities include legal new hire and training coordination ,  legal billing and outside counsel support ,  and general office tasks  ( including filing and budget tracking ,  mail and facilities )  .  the successful candidate will possess the ability to work efficiently and independently  manage high volumes of tasks and projects with little guidance  react with appropriate urgency to situations and events that require a quick response or turnaround  take effective action without having to know the total picture  and think creatively and be proactive in solving problems that affect people within the group or other related groups .  the candidate will also be client - service oriented ,  have great attention to detail while still meeting tight deadlines ,  have great organization skills ,  and have the ability to easily switch gears .  a high level of professionalism ,  integrity ,  and discretion in handling confidential information ,  as well as the ability to work well with people at all levels inside and outside the company ,  is essential .  basic qualifications   the ideal candidate will have 3+ years experience as an administrative assistant .    knowledge of microsoft word and excel is essential ,  and general comfort with learning new programs and software is a must .    strong written and oral communication skills and the desire and aptitude for learning new concepts on the job .  preferred qualifications   legal administrative experience and a ba / bs are a plus     
 job description  the operations administrative assistant role provides support to the hr team and requires ability to work on the fulfillment center floor for up to ten hours per shift .  tasks include     data entry in a variety of systems including excel files ,  knet ,  and other miscellaneous reports   copying and laminating forms and supplies ,  as needed   entering performance management data in amazon and temporary systems   print amazon attendance counselings sent out by hr and organize with other counselings that need delivering so managers have one complete set of what they need to deliver .    filing and setting up new hire files   creating and updating orientation packets   scheduling calendar appointments for new manager orientation sessions and ensuring successful completion of orientation modules   generating various letters and distributing them to associates and / or managers   research associates counseling history as needed to confirm correct level for next counseling ,  dates of prior counselings ,  etc .  or provide summary of performance history for manager to use in making a recommendation for termination .  – focused on amazon associates .   basic qualifications    high school diploma or ged equivalent   must have administrative experience such as data entry ,  managing data driven report processes or detailed processes that have a lot of components to manage .    computer proficiency ,  specifically with the microsoft office suite  ( excel ,  powerpoint ,  word )  .    must adhere to confidentiality expectations   ability to work up to ten hour shifts on your feet  preferred qualifications    administrative experience within a manufacturing or production environment is strongly preferred .    must have the ability to multi task and manage details of different processes efficiently .    must have strong organizational skills .    must have strong oral and written communication skills   must be able to work independently ,  seek answers when help is needed and motivated to seek out additional tasks for completion .   amazon offers competitive compensation packages including comprehensive health care ,  401 ( k )  ,  restricted stock units ,  growth potential ,  and a challenging and exciting work environment .  amazon is an equal opportunity employer .      
 member services representative job id 233456 location us - tx - carrollton posted date 9 / 12 / 2013 company woot ,  inc .  position category customer service apply for this position   apply for this position online   e - mail this position to a friend position details job description member service representative do you possess the uncanny ability to soothe the angry customer ?  do you enjoy wrestling with problems and resolving them with extreme prejudice ?  woot is seeking a member service rep from the dallas area with skin as thick as kevlar ,  who can think faster than a speeding bullet and charm the quills off a porcupine .  the successful candidate will take up a position on the front lines of the never - ending struggle to satisfy our members .  your reward ?  the satisfaction of fighting the good fight .  oh ,  and decent pay and benefits in a pretty excellent work environment ,  if we do say so ourselves .  and we do .  initial responsibilities  • responding to and / or redirecting all incoming email • using member service skills to effectively answer member questions • identifying needs and providing prompt resolution to inquiries and problems • capturing and entering data clearly and accurately • expressing flexibility to troubleshoot problems and provide solutions • monitoring forums for service related issues • full - time position ,  must be able to work various shifts ,  weekends and nights qualifications  • bachelor’s degree from a four year college or university • member - service oriented with demonstrated skills • able to multitask and stay focused in distractive situations • can self - start and maintain a positive ,  upbeat attitude • strong interpersonal and organizational skills • strong written and oral communications  ( email / phone )  • able to adapt to change • ability to use windows and internet web - browsing applications • not act like a creep ,  idiot ,  or jerk ,  at least while on the clock basic qualifications • bachelor’s degree from a four year college or university • 2+ years working in a customer service position • ability to use a desktop computer system • familiarity with windows xp ,  microsoft outlook ,  and internet explorer and / or other web browsing applications • demonstrable understanding of the internet • must live in dallas area preferred qualifications • ability to multi - task and make tough decisions in a fast paced environment • must be able to type at least 70 wpm • can self - start and maintain a positive ,  upbeat attitude • strong interpersonal and organizational skills • strong written and oral communications  ( email / phone )  • able to adapt to change     
 job description  are you looking to become a leader in a global operation with hundreds of managers and thousands of employees ?  would you like the challenge of delivering continuously improved customer experiences to over 150+ million customers ?  could you assume financial responsibility that impacts both the bottom line and shareholder expectations for a growing fortune 100 corporation ?  if you want to be involved in creating the future of online retail ,  and are dynamic ,  organized ,  and a self - starter join our operations team as an area manager .   amazon is looking for high potential graduates who are ready to do what it takes to be successful in the operations field and have your leadership capacity stretched to its full potential .  as front - line managers ,  you have an opportunity to develop a people - focused leadership style ,  while mastering the tools ,  processes ,  and operations that have created the most customer centric company on earth .   as an area manager ,  you will have the opportunity to manage and develop your own team of associates ,  drive process change at the ground level of our fulfillment centers ,  and learn how the largest online retailer in the world runs its operations .   you must also be authorized to work in the us without sponsorship .   key responsibilities     lead and develop a team of amazon associates   continuously improve processes and procedures   communicate policies to associates and act as the primary information source for the team ,  maintaining compliance and consistency and taking corrective action when needed   develop performance goals and objectives to achieve customer promise expectations and ensure accuracy and quality   support all safety programs and osha compliance to ensure a safe work environment for all associates   ensure procedures are followed for building security and product loss prevention   create ,  manage and support recognition and communication programs   partner with the management team to establish and maintain quality control standards  basic qualifications    a completed bachelor s degree is required with a graduation date between december 2013 and june 2014   willingness to work weekends and / or overnight shifts   willingness to work overtime both in peak season and as needed  preferred qualifications    degree in engineering ,  operations ,  supply chain ,  general management or a related field is a plus   ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment   adept at analytical work and the ability to motivate others in a deadline - driven environment   basic understanding of lean and six sigma  ( don’t know but anxious to learn ?  we’ll teach you !  )    strong interpersonal and communication skills  ( both written and verbal )    proven track record of taking ownership and driving results   the ability to dive deep into data and provide thought - provoking ,  workable business solutions  amazon’s us fulfillment centers are located nationwide .  plus ,  we’ll help you get there with relocation assistance .   for a full list of locations ,  visit amazon . com / ufulfill .  this position will likely not be in seattle .   amazon is an equal opportunity employer  www . amazonfulfillmentcareers . com     
 job description  amazon is looking for a lead digital photography technician to work in our growing apparel studio .  successful candidates will be self - starters that can handle the demands of big data sets while keeping cool ,  are strong communicators ,  very detail - oriented ,  and have a passion for photography with a creative eye and an emphasis on contemporary fashion .  primarily a technical role ,  this category works in parallel to photographers ,  and builds towards its own specialization in the studio as a management track .   daily responsibilities include     helping to design and build the in - studio capture station network and long - term storage architecture ,  and then running it on a daily basis   managing a mixed team of fulltime and freelance digitechs ,  including sourcing ,  recruiting ,  scheduling ,  and developing team members from entry - level interns to more seasoned group leads   cataloging ,  naming ,  cropping ,  color managing ,  and ,  when necessary ,  performing spot - retouching of a high volume of image assets under tight deadlines   ensuring visual consistency of video and still photography image assets from set to set ,  and day to day   rapidly responding to studio and retail team requests for hard - to - find asset variations and metadata information harvesting  building systems that can scale to those requests without requiring repeated or excessive manual inputs   utilizing appropriate digital asset management techniques to track items between photography bays ,  art directors & creative staff ,  and retouchers worldwide   coordinating with photographers and other digitechs to identify existing process bottlenecks and rapidly deploying scalable improvements   coordinating with software development team to implement continual system innovations   staying current with updates to imaging technology and computing platforms  amazon is an equal opportunity employer  basic qualifications    fluency with capture one ,  photoshop ,  premiere ,  bridge ,  lightroom ,  and ftp clients ,  with an understanding of indesign   basic to intermediate skills in excel ,  word ,  power point ,  and outlook   understanding of color management policies and best practices   minimum of 5 years experience as a digital technician in a commercial photography studio   minimum of 2 years in a team leadership position   demonstrable ability to easily move between mac and pc platforms ,  often networking the two  preferred qualifications    2 year or 4 year degree in photography and / or related field   previous management experience   advanced mac scripting capability   advanced knowledge of networking environments and protocols   a proven ability to juggle multiple projects simultaneously under tight deadlines   excellent verbal ,  written and presentation skills  fashionjobs nycfashion  li - mg4     
 studios intern  -  television ,  original series and physical production job id 232447 location us - ca - studio city posted date 9 / 11 / 2013 company amazon corporate llc position category program management apply for this position   apply for this position online   e - mail this position to a friend position details job description amazon studios is seeking bright ,  multitasking ,  and dynamic self - motivated interns to support the television ,  original series and physical production departments .  this is a paid part - time internship position for the fall of 2013  ( september through december )  .  the successful candidate ( s )  will possess the ability to complete high volumes of complex tasks and projects quickly with little to no guidance  react with appropriate urgency to situations and events that require quick response or turnaround  take effective action without having to know the total picture  and efficiently and creatively solve difficult or complex problems that affect people within the group or other related groups .  the candidate will also have great attention to detail ,  have great organization skills and have the ability to switch gears at a moment  s notice .  a high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information and professionalism in dealing with senior professionals inside and outside the company is key .  key responsibilities include    writing coverage after reading feature screenplays and series pilots .    updating company script and dvd databases .    pitching material to executives .    researching television and up - and - coming talent   assist in the coordination of development ,  production and post - production logistics .    covering executives phones / desks when needed .    facilitate various deliveries and pick - ups .    participate in planning of special events when requested .  basic qualifications   must be eligible to receive college credit and a current college student .    detailed planning ,  time management and organizational skills .    advanced knowledge of microsoft outlook as well as strong working knowledge of microsoft word ,  excel ,  access and sharepoint .    reliable transportation and a valid driver  s license .  preferred qualifications   excellent written ,  verbal ,  and interpersonal communication skills .    positive ,  proactive and able to always exercise great judgment and common sense .    ability to work in a rapidly changing environment .    creative problem - solver .    high levels of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information .    previous work experience working in the entertainment industry a plus .      
 job description  amazon is looking for a passionate ,  talented and inventive machine learning scientist to work on natural language understanding challenges .   as a member of the technical team you will be responsible for .  .  .    -  crafting machine learned solutions for natural language problems  -  building well iterated models or analyses which extract the best performance or information possible from the data  -  utilizing code  ( java ,  c++ or another object oriented language )  for modeling  -  performing supporting analyses to improve model performance  -  writing tech specs related to data analysis and model development .   -  effectively communicating with management and colleagues from computer science ,  technical research and business backgrounds  basic qualifications  qualifications  -  ph . d .  degree underway in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  machine learning ,  or related field .   -  ability to code with an object oriented language  -  ability to develop system prototypes  -  experience with mathematical libraries  -  understanding of model evaluation techniques ,  and performance and optimality tradeoffs .   preferred qualifications  qualifications  -  ph . d .  degree underway in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  machine learning ,  or related field .   -  ability to code with an object oriented language  -  ability to develop system prototypes  -  experience with mathematical libraries  -  understanding of model evaluation techniques ,  and performance and optimality tradeoffs .      
 job description  are you interested in solving unique business problems ,  for a global organization ,  utilizing your creativity ,  business acumen ,  and data analytical skills ?  amazon’s growth requires hr leaders who move fast ,  have an entrepreneurial spirit ,  and an unrelenting tenacity to get things done .  the hr leadership development internship program at amazon is designed to prepare 1st year mba and master’s level candidates for accelerated careers in hr .  as an intern in this program ,  you will have an opportunity to work on challenging projects in support of our real - time business issues ,  all of which are designed to develop skills and experiences within human resources .  over the course of a 12 week internship ,  you will partner closely with business teams ,  senior hr leadership ,  and an hr specialty team to drive projects that develop innovative programs and deliver results in our customer obsessed organization .   sample intern projects     assess amazon’s competitiveness to retain talent with an analytical focus on attrition statistics to identify insightful trends and key drivers   build and execute a framework to measure the impact of amazon’s diversity program on the workforce ,  while developing a methodology for leveraging predictive hr analytics to inform diversity program investments and the impact on hiring and retention at amazon   conduct a competitive analysis and explore existing global programs to identify the available talent pool and develop recruiting models for amazon’s strategic recruiting programs  at amazon ,  we hire individuals who are customer - obsessed ,  self - starters ,  and who have experiences that bring new perspectives to our organization .  we seek to hire the best talent and provide experiences to foster their development into future hr leaders .   basic qualifications    currently enrolled in an mba or master’s program   2+ years of work experience prior to your mba including academic and / or internship experience  preferred qualifications  we are seeking individuals with an mba or master’s level degree in a human resources related discipline with a minimum 2 years of post - bachelor’s degree experience ,  including areas other than hr .  this program is for people who     adapt well to fast - paced environments with high growth ,  ambiguous and changing circumstances   embrace the larger picture and use critical thinking and good judgment while also focusing on details   think strategically as well as roll up their sleeves and do what it takes to “get it done”    are passionate about using data and analytics  are excited about having one of the world’s largest data warehouses at their fingertips   demonstrate a proven ability to manage multiple ,  competing priorities simultaneously   exhibit strong leadership ,  communication and interpersonal skills  if interested in the us or international hrld internship program ,  please visit amazon mba opportunities .  business level fluency in the native language and legal authorization to work in the region / country of application is required .  indicate location preference in cover letter at the time of application .      
 job description  amazon is seeking data - driven ,  business - minded ,  results - oriented financial analyst interns to work in our corporate offices in seattle ,  washington .  amazon is looking for candidates who are bachelor s - degree students in economics ,  finance or information systems with a strong desire to exceed expectations .   typical responsibilities include  · analysis of account balances · preparation and reporting of financial performance for weekly ,  monthly ,  and annual reviews · producing meaningful operational metrics to help drive performance and achieve business objectives .   included as part of the internship is the intern project ,  which requires the candidate to flex their finance ,  accounting ,  analytical ,  and business understanding to work on an optimizing ,  improving ,  and driving quality to solve a problem or improve an existing process .  the intern will interact with various business partners spanning across the operations ,  accounting ,  finance ,  and technology organizations of amazon and will present the result of the project for evaluation at the end of the internship .   dates of finance undergraduate internships  • december to june • april to september • june to december • september to april  basic qualifications  basic requirements  · currently pursuing a bachelor’s degree in economics ,  finance ,  information systems ,  accounting or related field .  · available to work a minimum of 40 hours / week during the 6 - month internship  preferred qualifications  the ideal candidate is a proven self - starter with strong analytical skills ,  has an ability to dive deep ,  summarize and communicate important data .  exceptional interpersonal skills ,  persuasive written and oral communication ,  understanding of accounting concepts ,  and a working knowledge of excel are required .  solid organizational and project - management skills are also a must .      
 job description  at amazon ,  we’re trying to make shopping ridiculously great for millions of people .  wanna help ?  we’re looking for interns who are a whole lot of geeks at once .  data geek ?  yep ,  you have to love the numbers ,  words ,  pictures ,  videos and all they add up to .  research geek ?  yep ,  you gotta love figuring out how to answer a question without anybody realizing they were asked anything .  customers geek ?  yep ,  you have to get an uneasy feeling if you haven’t talked to a customer in a while .  ux geek ?  for sure .  you want to be passionate about all the patterns ,  conventions ,  and what they’re all good and terrible at .  what you’ll get we .  move .  fast .  you’ll run too and learn how to do research at a fast pace and see your work make products better out in the world in days and weeks ,  not months and years .  you’ll do whatever research is needed – lab studies ,  card sorting ,  concept testing ,  cog walks ,  field research ,  surveys  -  to make things better and surprise our customers with how good shopping can be .  you’ll also get to work with a pretty unique mix of people – designers ,  prototypers ,  writers ,  developers ,  product managers – people who have been doing this for forever and newcomers like you .  what you’ll do first ,  you’ll assist on a variety of research efforts to learn the ropes .  then ,  we’ll turn you lose to design and run studies and analyze results .  you’ll work with teams to make experiences better .  that’s all standard .  the interesting part is that odds are we’ll launch whatever you work on during your internship and you’ll be able to point to it like “oh ,  no big deal ,  my intern project just getting used by like everybody who shops for stuff online right now . ” and we have internships with various groups at amazon including amazon . com ,  mobile experiences ,  amazonlocal ,  and amazon web services  ( aws )  .   basic qualifications  but it can’t be just anyone you’ll need to interview with our team and we want to see some work samples that you’re proud of  ( stuff from school is fine )  .  required qualifications  · you’ll need to be currently enrolled in a relevant program · you must be available to work full time for 3 months ,  beginning in june .   preferred qualifications  · have already taken hcde 517 usability testing  ( or equivalent )  and at least one research methods course · experience with statistics ,  survey design or prototyping are always a plus .  · experience with software programming or web development will be useful for some of the internships .      
 job description  amazon is looking for smart ,  analytical ,  customer - obsessed ,  and energetic business leaders to help build world - class experiences for our customers and serve as the leadership pipeline for our rapidly growing business .  our unique combinations of cutting - edge technology and customer - focus have enabled amazon to achieve rapid growth in only 15 years ,  and we now serve over 150+ million customers in seven countries across 40 business areas .  if you are looking to become a leader in a global operation ,  enjoy the challenge of driving change and want to be involved in creating the future of online retail ,  and are dynamic ,  organized ,  and a self - starter ,  you may be interested in becoming an operations finance intern .   we move fast and immediately empower our teams to drive meaningful business changes ,  interact with leaders company - wide ,  and make direct contributions to improving the shopping experience for our customers .  from day one ,  you will be given ownership of complex problems and will partner with both finance and operations teams to help a site manage its strategic ,  financial and operational plans .   during your internship in one of our u . s .  fulfillment centers ,  you will report to the controller of the site and work on a real life project and create a business plan with direct impact on our operations business focusing on analyzing opportunities for cost and process improvement which will allow the fulfillment center to work more efficiently and predictably ,  with the highest level of customer satisfaction .  ideal candidates for this position will leverage their strong analytical and communication skills and strategic thinking ability as well as their ability to dive deep into data and provide thought provoking business solutions demonstrating their capability to think big and influence others .  additionally ,  they should have a work ethic based on a strong desire to exceed expectations ,  solid organization and project - management skills ,  good understanding of financial / accounting concepts as well as strong interpersonal ,  written and oral communication skills .   you must be authorized to work in the us without sponsorship .   key responsibilities may include   · providing analytical support for facility optimization initiatives · providing financial analysis to prioritize and lead cost reduction opportunities · analyzing trend patterns within the fulfillment center and working with the site controller and senior financial analyst to help identify and analyze areas for improvement · collecting and analyzing quantitative data from the manufacturing process paths used in measuring site productivity · designing  / maintaining reports based on collected data as well as maintaining / improving metrics models · communicating issues and results to controller and other leadership within the fulfillment center  maintain data integrity  program quick facts  term  10 - week internship benefits  competitive salary ,  relocation and housing assistance locations  amazon’s us fulfillment centers are located nationwide .  for a full list of locations ,  visit www . amazon . com / universityfulfillment .   basic qualifications  · working toward a bachelor’s or master’s degree  ( class of 2014 )  · 1+ years of coursework in finance ,  accounting ,  economics or other related coursework · 1+ years of excel experience  preferred qualifications  · degree in finance ,  accounting ,  economics ,  business or similar field ,  preferred · proficiency of standard software including excel ,  sql ,  oracle and / or other financial systems experience a plus · solid problem solving and root cause analysis experience · excellent oral and written communication skills · strong analytical and business sense · superior attention to detail ,  and the ability to self - start and self - motivate · proven success in an ambiguous environment · demonstrates effective leadership skills and the ability to meet deadlines while managing multiple competing priorities simultaneously and in a fast - paced environment  amazon is an equal opportunity employer  www . amazonfulfillmentcareers . com     
 junior embedded software engineer nashua ,  nh  dell s facility in nashua ,  new hampshire ,  is the home of the award - winning dell equallogic storage area network  ( san )  products ,  which simplify the way businesses of all sizes store and protect information .  now part of a new lineup of dell storage solutions ,  the dell equallogic ps series is the industry s leading family of iscsi - based midrange enterprise disk arrays .  the dell equallogic brand dominates its segment of the san market ,  which is the fastest growing area of the storage industry .  in this dynamic business of helping world - class companies evolve and manage their storage infrastructure ,  our customers represent a   who s who   of global corporations across multiple industries .  they choose to work with us not only for our leading - edge technology that simplifies it ,  but also because of the enormous intellectual capital that is here  -  our exceptional employees .   dell equallogic is seeking software engineers to develop embedded software for its industry leading iscsi virtualized storage devices .  this software implements system management ,  configuration ,  and access control functions  while simultaneously providing ease - of - use that is without parallel in the industry .  this is an opportunity to work for an extraordinarily successful company to develop award - winning products used in cloud computing systems and resource hungry data centers .  you will join a high - caliber team ,  and look forward to the challenge of solving complex and diverse problems .   dell equallogic offers a professional ,  collegial work environment that encourages you to grow and develop in your career .   the ideal candidate has the following technical qualifications   ·         at least 2 years of experience ·         strong background with c ,  c++ ,  or java ·         object oriented skills ·         experience with a variant of unix ·         experience with debug tools ·         experience working in a team environment ·         ability to share your ideas and influence ·         ability to quickly ramp up on new technology  life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  130010vy     
 intern supply chain development program austin ,  tx  want to join a world - class global supply chain organization where you can drive change while building a long - term career ?  dell’s supply chain organization offers the opportunity to learn industry leading skills through our in - house training programs and top of the line career development courses .  dell has been held as the “golden example” of supply chain management ,  as a member of the supply chain team you will have an opportunity to support dell’s transformation strategy ,  develop your career ,  and partner with a diverse team of talented supply chain experts .   dell ,  inc .  is looking for undergraduate interns to join dell’s supply chain development program  ( scdp )  ,  a global three year rotational program aimed at developing dell’s future supply chain leadership .  the program combines three ,  one year rotations with coursework to provide participants with a wide breadth of experiences and an advanced knowledge of dell’s supply chain .  in addition ,  the program offers visibility / networking with managers and executives ,  career development planning ,  soft skill training ,  developmental workshops ,  and a robust feedback / performance review process .   the coursework is conducted both in classroom and virtual settings .  courses are taught by subject matter experts within dell’s supply chain leadership .   the one year rotations place participants in fulfillment and logistics ,  procurement ,  and supply chain operations positions across the organization .  example roles and experiences include   -  client demand / supply planning  -  enterprise demand / supply planning  -  finished goods replenishment planning  -  factory operations  -  global sales operations  -  global operations engineering  -  global process & quality standards  -  fulfillment operations  -  global inventory control & transformation  -  global materials  -  commodity management  -  supply chain design  -  supply chain enablement international assignments are possibilities for top performers – the assignments are heavily dependent on prior program performance and current business needs .   ideal candidates will have   -  3 . 0 minimum gpa  -  previous relevant internship experience  -  demonstrated capabilities in  -  leadership  -  driving for results the right way  -  problem solving and analytics  -  end - to - end thinking  -  clear and effective communication  -  dealing with ambiguity  -  flexibility  /  adaptability to a changing environment  company description with more than 100 , 000 team members globally ,  we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded .  dell’s team members are committed to serving our communities ,  regularly volunteering for over 1 , 500 non - profit organizations .  the company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation .  our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success .  why work with us ?  life at dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology .  when we see something that could be improved ,  we get to work inventing the solution .  our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships .  we invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential .  our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work   li - intern  life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  130011e7     
 medical assistant associate dearborn ,  mi  dell inc .  is a global provider of healthcare services and information technology solutions to a broad range of clients .  we are currently looking for a full - time medical assistant to join our team at our urgent care facilities in garden city ,  southgate ,  and wyandotte .   as a medical assistant ,  you will work under the supervision of a licensed provider / nurse ,  and in accordance with established policy and procedures ,  performs a wide range of direct and indirect patient care activities .  a medical assistant is responsible for clinical duties ,  regulatory agency compliance ,  collecting patient history ,  and effectively relaying instructions from physician to patients / families .   job description / responsibilities    -   knowledge gained through job experience to resolve more complex issues and coordinate day - to - day work   -  will not normally need instructions / guidance on routine work  typically self - initiates task priority within established guidelines   -  independently gathers information and resources needed to complete tasks / projects   -  may provide guidance to others when appropriate   -   experience and judgment to make decisions or resolve issues within standard guidelines and protocols   -  has a strong understanding of processes and procedures ,  and a knowledge of related regulations and standards   -  may assist with onboarding and training new team members  acts as a mentor to motivate and support staff in performing daily duties   -  daily decisions and actions demonstrate a high level of engagement and sense of job ownership regarding desired business outcomes – high patient satisfaction and safety ,  optimal productivity ,  and high employee morale   -  consistently demonstrate competency in job required skills   -  attend mandatory training programs   -  verbalize knowledge of ,  and participate in ,  emergency management exercises   -  ensure functionality and maintenance of medical equipment   -  participate in maintaining continuous accreditation readiness   -  assist patients as needed with walking ,  transfers ,  dressing ,  collecting specimens ,  and preparing for exam   -  perform business office functions  ( clerical ,  environmental ,  and organizational )  under the supervision of the practice manager or supervisor   -  perform routine clinical functions under the supervision of a licensed provider / nurse   -  clinical duties can include but are not limited to  completion of a pain screening ,  record height ,  weight ,  and vital signs ,  explain procedures to patients ,  collect and prepare laboratory specimens ,  perform basic laboratory tests on the premises ,  sterilize medical instruments ,  promote patient / family understanding of the educational content and his / her involvement in the plan of care ,  prepare and administer medications as directed by physician ,  authorize drug refills as directed by the physician ,  telephone prescriptions to a pharmacy ,  draw blood ,  prepare patients for x - rays ,  take electrocardiograms ,  remove sutures / staples ,  change sterile and non - sterile dressings ,  and other duties as assigned  qualifications / requirements    -  must have 3  -  10 years of work experience as a medical assistant   -  high school graduate or ged equivalent   -  documented proof of medical assistant program completion is required ,  certification with the aama or amt is preferred  ( cma / rma )    -  current bls certification through the american heart association ,  or within 60 days of date of hire   -  must be willing to work days ,  evenings ,  and / or weekends   -  must have excellent written and verbal communication skills   -  must be able to multi - task   -  must be able to work collaboratively and seamlessly with all dell and oakwood personnel alike   -  must be able to lift up to 30 pounds of supplies   -  must be willing to work a variety of hours including evenings ,  weekends ,  and / or holidays   -  must be willing to travel between all opi healthcare centers as required / requested  with more than 100 , 000 team members globally ,  we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded .  dell’s team members are committed to serving our communities ,  regularly volunteering for over 1 , 500 non - profit organizations .  the company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation .  our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success .   why work with us ?    -  life at dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology .    -  when we see something that could be improved ,  we get to work inventing the solution .    -  our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships .    -  we invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential .    -  our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work .   dell is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind  dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment .  all employment decisions at dell are based on business needs ,  job requirements and individual qualifications ,  without regard to race ,  color ,  religion or belief ,  national ,  social or ethnic origin ,  sex ,  age ,  physical ,  mental or sensory disability ,  hiv status ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity and / or expression ,  marital ,  civil union or domestic partnership status ,  past or present military service ,  family medical history or genetic information ,  family or parental status  ( including pregnancy )  ,  or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate .  dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics .   life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  130011p3     
 medical assistant associate dearborn ,  mi  dell inc .  is a global provider of healthcare services and information technology solutions to a broad range of clients .  we are currently looking for a full - time medical assistant to join our team at our urgent care facilities in garden city ,  southgate ,  and wyandotte .   as a medical assistant ,  you will work under the supervision of a licensed provider / nurse ,  and in accordance with established policy and procedures ,  performs a wide range of direct and indirect patient care activities .  a medical assistant is responsible for clinical duties ,  regulatory agency compliance ,  collecting patient history ,  and effectively relaying instructions from physician to patients / families .   job description / responsibilities   -   -   knowledge gained through job experience to resolve more complex issues and coordinate day - to - day work   -  will not normally need instructions / guidance on routine work  typically self - initiates task priority within established guidelines   -  independently gathers information and resources needed to complete tasks / projects   -  may provide guidance to others when appropriate   -   experience and judgment to make decisions or resolve issues within standard guidelines and protocols   -  has a strong understanding of processes and procedures ,  and a knowledge of related regulations and standards   -  may assist with onboarding and training new team members  acts as a mentor to motivate and support staff in performing daily duties   -  daily decisions and actions demonstrate a high level of engagement and sense of job ownership regarding desired business outcomes – high patient satisfaction and safety ,  optimal productivity ,  and high employee morale   -  consistently demonstrate competency in job required skills   -  attend mandatory training programs   -  verbalize knowledge of ,  and participate in ,  emergency management exercises   -  ensure functionality and maintenance of medical equipment   -  participate in maintaining continuous accreditation readiness   -  assist patients as needed with walking ,  transfers ,  dressing ,  collecting specimens ,  and preparing for exam   -  perform business office functions  ( clerical ,  environmental ,  and organizational )  under the supervision of the practice manager or supervisor   -  perform routine clinical functions under the supervision of a licensed provider / nurse   -  clinical duties can include but are not limited to  completion of a pain screening ,  record height ,  weight ,  and vital signs ,  explain procedures to patients ,  collect and prepare laboratory specimens ,  perform basic laboratory tests on the premises ,  sterilize medical instruments ,  promote patient / family understanding of the educational content and his / her involvement in the plan of care ,  prepare and administer medications as directed by physician ,  authorize drug refills as directed by the physician ,  telephone prescriptions to a pharmacy ,  draw blood ,  prepare patients for x - rays ,  take electrocardiograms ,  remove sutures / staples ,  change sterile and non - sterile dressings ,  and other duties as assigned  qualifications / requirements    -  must have 3  -  10 years of work experience as a medical assistant   -  high school graduate or ged equivalent   -  documented proof of medical assistant program completion is required ,  certification with the aama or amt is preferred  ( cma / rma )    -  current bls certification through the american heart association ,  or within 60 days of date of hire   -  must be willing to work days ,  evenings ,  and / or weekends   -  must have excellent written and verbal communication skills   -  must be able to multi - task   -  must be able to work collaboratively and seamlessly with all dell and oakwood personnel alike   -  must be able to lift up to 30 pounds of supplies   -  must be willing to work a variety of hours including evenings ,  weekends ,  and / or holidays   -  must be willing to travel between all opi healthcare centers as required / requested  with more than 100 , 000 team members globally ,  we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded .  dell’s team members are committed to serving our communities ,  regularly volunteering for over 1 , 500 non - profit organizations .  the company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation .  our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success .   why work with us ?    -  life at dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology .    -  when we see something that could be improved ,  we get to work inventing the solution .    -  our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships .    -  we invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential .    -  our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work .   dell is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind  dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment .  all employment decisions at dell are based on business needs ,  job requirements and individual qualifications ,  without regard to race ,  color ,  religion or belief ,  national ,  social or ethnic origin ,  sex ,  age ,  physical ,  mental or sensory disability ,  hiv status ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity and / or expression ,  marital ,  civil union or domestic partnership status ,  past or present military service ,  family medical history or genetic information ,  family or parental status  ( including pregnancy )  ,  or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate .  dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics .   life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  130011p0     
 title  university relations  -  dell it college student development program location  tx - round rock at dell ,  we are committed to the professional development of our college students by presenting them the opportunity to improve their strategic ,  technical ,  and networking skills .  dell it’s new team members work closely with internal dell business and development teams and are given invaluable exposure to a variety of it projects that have meaningful impact on the entire organization .  in addition ,  dell team members are also presented with events that allow them to contribute to community service ,  network with team members throughout dell ,  and experience the back office operations of a large global corporation .  with a wide variety of responsibilities ,  the college professional can expect to be fully engaged within their domain .  responsibilities    provides analysis in support of the development and implementation of key it projects   works with and supports domain manager ,  strategists ,  stakeholders and development leads in project execution   documentation ,  & communication of business needs and / or requirements with thorough understanding of business systems and industry requirements   understands implications of technical solutions   collaborating and coordinating across all it and business segments   validates solution design through active participation   analyzes customer requirements   ensures consistency and adherence to dell standards ,  processes ,  and policies  li - intern competencies / qualifications    enrolled in a 4 - year undergraduate degree program in computer science ,  mis ,  or related degree program ,  or enrolled in a relevant masters - degree program   maintain a 3 . 0 or higher gpa  ( 4 . 0 scale )    demonstrated problem solving and analytical skills   good written & verbal communication skills   demonstrated customer focus & desire to produce high - quality work products   ability to work & communicate effectively with cross - functional teams often from multiple countries   working knowledge of it project lifecycle management  ( sdlc )  and product data management is desired   ability to negotiate to a balanced outcome technical skills    working knowledge of microsoft office including outlook ,  word ,  excel ,  & powerpoint   beginner - level expertise in one or more of the following    database programming  ( sql )    database technology  ( oracle ,  microsoft ,  or other )    data modeling  ( erd )  ,  mapping ,  & implementation  ( ddl )    application development  (  . net ,  java ,  or other )    business intelligence software packages  ( microsoft ,  business objects ,  crystal reports ,  or other )    statistical analysis software  ( sas ,  spss ,  or other )  about the company  · for more than 28 years ,  dell has empowered countries ,  communities ,  customers ,  and people everywhere to do more with their technology .  our business constantly evolves to meet the needs of our customers ,  and dell it continues to rise to the challenge of supporting a diverse ,  global workforce .  we’ve learned to be quick and adaptive in order to keep our business growing strong ,  using our own solutions whenever possible .  dell it offers numerous development opportunities ,  flexible work hours ,  and work - from - home programs .  dell is constantly seeking to recruit top it talent as we transform into an end - to - end solutions based company .  dell it employs 5500 team members around the world .  during the last two years ,  our biggest accomplishments include  • re - engineering our manufacturing processes to be simpler and more standardized globally • establishing a single set of fully - integrated corporate applications for hr ,  finance and project management • partnering with the business to define their strategic end state vision and blueprint and ,  we’re not done yet !  we continue to focus on  • transformational it capabilities and flexible environments that enable our business partners to be agile and achieve their goals • innovative and cutting - edge technology that leverages cloud ,  big data and virtual environments • employees being able to bring their own device and be productive in a flexible work environment     
 junior storage management engineer nashua ,  nh  dell s facility in nashua ,  new hampshire ,  is the home of the award - winning dell equallogic storage area network  ( san )  products ,  which simplify the way businesses of all sizes store and protect information .  now part of a new lineup of dell storage solutions ,  the dell equallogic ps series is the industry s leading family of iscsi - based midrange enterprise disk arrays .  the dell equallogic brand dominates its segment of the san market ,  which is the fastest growing area of the storage industry .  in this dynamic business of helping world - class companies evolve and manage their storage infrastructure ,  our customers represent a   who s who   of global corporations across multiple industries .  they choose to work with us not only for our leading - edge technology that simplifies it ,  but also because of the enormous intellectual capital that is here  -  our exceptional employees .   our dell storage virtualization team creates tools that integrate our storage solutions with vmware products by finding useful ways to provide simplified ,  yet full featured ,  extensions to their products ,  while maximizing the features and workflow automation of ours .   we are looking for an enthusiastic software development engineer to work on our j2ee based middleware management server .  primary responsibilities ·         design ,  develop and execute automated management features and workflows ·         create unit level verification tests ·         work with software developers and qa engineers to troubleshoot and triage issues and defects ·         communicate status effectively and ensure high quality deliverables .   the ideal candidate has the following technical qualifications   -  ·         2 - 5 years of professional experience  -  ·         independent ,  hardworking ,  creative ,  focused ,  organized ,  strong team player  -  ·         excellent verbal and written communication skills  -  ·         must be customer and product focused ,  willing to adapt to changing needs ,  and produce tangible results  -  ·         good analytical skills with attention to detail .   -  ·         good understanding of java and j2ee is a must .   -  ·         good understanding of rest based interfaces is a plus  -  ·         good understanding of multi - threaded ,  event driven ,  and task based workflow design and implementation is a plus  -  ·         working knowledge of vmware is a plus  dcam4  c about dell   collaboration .  individual drive .  a passion for technology .  that s what success sounds like at dell .  it s this dedication to finding unique solutions that has given rise to many of our energy - smart ,  green initiatives .  sound like something you can get behind ?  join our team ,  and you ll work in a dynamic environment with other motivated ,  talented individuals who care about protecting our planet .  plus ,  you ll get the mentoring ,  support and training you need to succeed on your own terms .   life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  1300113h     
 university relations dell it college student development program round rock ,  tx  at dell ,  we are committed to the professional development of our college students by presenting them the opportunity to improve their strategic ,  technical ,  and networking skills .  dell it’s new team members work closely with internal dell business and development teams and are given invaluable exposure to a variety of it projects that have meaningful impact on the entire organization .  in addition ,  dell team members are also presented with events that allow them to contribute to community service ,  network with team members throughout dell ,  and experience the back office operations of a large global corporation .  with a wide variety of responsibilities ,  the college professional can expect to be fully engaged within their domain .   responsibilities   -  provides analysis in support of the development and implementation of key it projects  -  works with and supports domain manager ,  strategists ,  stakeholders and development leads in project execution  -  documentation ,  & communication of business needs and / or requirements with thorough understanding of business systems and industry requirements  -  understands implications of technical solutions  -  collaborating and coordinating across all it and business segments  -  validates solution design through active participation   -  analyzes customer requirements  -  ensures consistency and adherence to dell standards ,  processes ,  and policies  li - intern  competencies / qualifications   -  enrolled in a 4 - year undergraduate degree program in computer science ,  mis ,  or related degree program ,  or enrolled in a relevant masters - degree program  -  maintain a 3 . 0 or higher gpa  ( 4 . 0 scale )   -  demonstrated problem solving and analytical skills  -  good written & verbal communication skills  -  demonstrated customer focus & desire to produce high - quality work products  -  ability to work & communicate effectively with cross - functional teams often from multiple countries  -  working knowledge of it project lifecycle management  ( sdlc )  and product data management is desired  -  ability to negotiate to a balanced outcome  technical skills   -  working knowledge of microsoft office including outlook ,  word ,  excel ,  & powerpoint  -  beginner - level expertise in one or more of the following   -  database programming  ( sql )   -  database technology  ( oracle ,  microsoft ,  or other )   -  data modeling  ( erd )  ,  mapping ,  & implementation  ( ddl )   -  application development  (  . net ,  java ,  or other )   -  business intelligence software packages  ( microsoft ,  business objects ,  crystal reports ,  or other )   -  statistical analysis software  ( sas ,  spss ,  or other )  about the company   ·         for more than 28 years ,  dell has empowered countries ,  communities ,  customers ,  and people everywhere to do more with their technology .  our business constantly evolves to meet the needs of our customers ,  and dell it continues to rise to the challenge of supporting a diverse ,  global workforce .  we’ve learned to be quick and adaptive in order to keep our business growing strong ,  using our own solutions whenever possible .  dell it offers numerous development opportunities ,  flexible work hours ,  and work - from - home programs .  dell is constantly seeking to recruit top it talent as we transform into an end - to - end solutions based company .   dell it employs 5500+ team members around the world .  during the last two years ,  our biggest accomplishments include   • re - engineering our manufacturing processes to be simpler and more standardized globally • establishing a single set of fully - integrated corporate applications for hr ,  finance and project management • partnering with the business to define their strategic end state vision and blueprint  and ,  we’re not done yet !  we continue to focus on  • transformational it capabilities and flexible environments that enable our business partners to be agile and achieve their goals • innovative and cutting - edge technology that leverages cloud ,  big data and virtual environments • employees being able to bring their own device and be productive in a flexible work environment  life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  130011fi     
 help desk level 2 nashville ,  tn  job description  create and work help desk tickets to final resolution .  monitoring ,  troubleshooting issues on the network .  perform ,  back - end network router ,  proxy / server web filter requests .  manage security software and end user education .  perform post resolution follow - ups to helps desk tickets .   required skills  desired skills  education  experience  typically requires 3 years relevant experience without a degree or undergraduate degree and at least 1 / 2 year relevant experience  requirements  hazards  about dell inc .   collaboration .  individual drive .  a passion for technology .  that’s what success sounds like at dell .  it’s this dedication to finding unique solutions that has given rise to many of our energy - smart ,  green initiatives .  sound like something you can get behind ?  join our team ,  and you’ll work in a dynamic environment with other motivated ,  talented individuals who care about protecting our planet .  plus ,  you’ll get the mentoring ,  support and training you need to succeed on your own terms .   for more than 25 years ,  dell has provided technology solutions to customers that improves their productivity ,  enhances their lives and meets their distinct needs .  headquartered in round rock ,  texas ,  dell has framed its business around the customers it serves ,  from the world’s largest and most demanding businesses and public sector organizations ,  to small and medium businesses ,  to consumers worldwide .  at dell ,  we promote an environment that thrives on innovation .  to deliver effective solutions that meet customer challenges ,  dell focuses on pivotal standards that drive future technology innovation .   dell offers a competitive salary and bonus plan as well as a great benefit package .  please visit the about dell section at www . dell . com for more information .   dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment .  all employment decisions at dell are based on business needs ,  job requirements and individual qualifications ,  without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  national origin ,  sex  ( including pregnancy )  ,  age ,  disability ,  hiv status ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity ,  marital status ,  past or present military service or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate .  dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics .   job requisition number  dsfg - 011942     
 title  junior embedded software engineer location  nh - nashua dell  s facility in nashua ,  new hampshire ,  is the home of the award - winning dell equallogic storage area network  ( san )  products ,  which simplify the way businesses of all sizes store and protect information .  now part of a new lineup of dell storage solutions ,  the dell equallogic ps series is the industry  s leading family of iscsi - based midrange enterprise disk arrays .  the dell equallogic brand dominates its segment of the san market ,  which is the fastest growing area of the storage industry .  in this dynamic business of helping world - class companies evolve and manage their storage infrastructure ,  our customers represent a   who  s who   of global corporations across multiple industries .  they choose to work with us not only for our leading - edge technology that simplifies it ,  but also because of the enormous intellectual capital that is here  -  our exceptional employees .  dell equallogic is seeking software engineers to develop embedded software for its industry leading iscsi virtualized storage devices .  this software implements system management ,  configuration ,  and access control functions  while simultaneously providing ease - of - use that is without parallel in the industry .  this is an opportunity to work for an extraordinarily successful company to develop award - winning products used in cloud computing systems and resource hungry data centers .  you will join a high - caliber team ,  and look forward to the challenge of solving complex and diverse problems .  dell equallogic offers a professional ,  collegial work environment that encourages you to grow and develop in your career .  the ideal candidate has the following technical qualifications  · at least 2 years of experience · strong background with c ,  c  ,  or java · object oriented skills · experience with a variant of unix · experience with debug tools · experience working in a team environment · ability to share your ideas and influence · ability to quickly ramp up on new technology     
 help desk level 2 nashville ,  tn  job description  create and work help desk tickets to final resolution .  monitoring ,  troubleshooting issues on the network .  perform ,  back - end network router ,  proxy / server web filter requests .  manage security software and end user education .  perform post resolution follow - ups to helps desk tickets .   required skills  desired skills  education  experience  typically requires 3 years relevant experience without a degree or undergraduate degree and at least 1 / 2 year relevant experience  requirements  hazards  about dell inc .   collaboration .  individual drive .  a passion for technology .  that’s what success sounds like at dell .  it’s this dedication to finding unique solutions that has given rise to many of our energy - smart ,  green initiatives .  sound like something you can get behind ?  join our team ,  and you’ll work in a dynamic environment with other motivated ,  talented individuals who care about protecting our planet .  plus ,  you’ll get the mentoring ,  support and training you need to succeed on your own terms .   for more than 25 years ,  dell has provided technology solutions to customers that improves their productivity ,  enhances their lives and meets their distinct needs .  headquartered in round rock ,  texas ,  dell has framed its business around the customers it serves ,  from the world’s largest and most demanding businesses and public sector organizations ,  to small and medium businesses ,  to consumers worldwide .  at dell ,  we promote an environment that thrives on innovation .  to deliver effective solutions that meet customer challenges ,  dell focuses on pivotal standards that drive future technology innovation .   dell offers a competitive salary and bonus plan as well as a great benefit package .  please visit the about dell section at www . dell . com for more information .   dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment .  all employment decisions at dell are based on business needs ,  job requirements and individual qualifications ,  without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  national origin ,  sex  ( including pregnancy )  ,  age ,  disability ,  hiv status ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity ,  marital status ,  past or present military service or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate .  dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics .   job requisition number  dsfg - 011959     
 dell sonicwall north american outside regional sales director mid market \ preferred accounts north america  dell sonicwall is a leader in advanced network security and data protection .  sonicwallâ€™s industry - leading next - generation firewalls and unified threat management  ( utm )  firewalls compliment dellâ€™s security solutions portfolio ,  enabling dell to offer customers a broader range of enterprise offerings .   we currently have an opening on our team for a sales director to managed mid - market / preferred client accounts in north america .  the sales director manages field sales team members .  represents ,  communicates and executes on specific sales strategies .  will manage a given territory through a team of account managers .   duties include  â€¢ directs the efforts of others in the achievement of the strategic and operational objectives of the group .  â€¢ provides direction ,  development and inspiration to team members .  â€¢ manages the hiring ,  staffing and maintaining of a diverse and effective workforce .  â€¢ responsible for career development / planning ,  performance and pay discussions of team members .  â€¢ manages field sales team members in the sale of the organizationâ€™s products or services to specific existing named or strategic accounts on a national geographic basis .  â€¢ manages all direct field sales account managers ,  may manage indirect and overlay field services account managers .  â€¢ responsible for quota setting at the team / individual level .  â€¢ customarily and regularly engaged at client facilities .  â€¢ responsible for organizing cross functional teamsâ€™ engagement with account .   qualifications  Â· manages field based individual contributors .  Â· may manage inside sales managers and their teams .  Â· strategically leads enterprise sales for field organization .  Â· drives strategic account management and pipeline development .  Â· leads teamâ€™s business acumen and customer knowledge .  Â· develops and trains account executives .  Â· mentors entry level regional sales managers .  Â· manages complex accounts and / or account teams .  Â· senior level regional sales manager .  Â· executes strategy .  Â· may have country manager or site lead responsibilities .  Â· 10+ years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience .  Â· 8+ years leadership experience  -  must have prior north american leadership in the network  security domain ideally from a key competitor .  Â· undergraduate degree and 10+ years relevant experience or graduate degree and 8+ years relevant experience .   why work for dell ?  endless challenges and rewards .  opportunities on six continents .  a team of colleagues fueled by collaboration .  all this ,  and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility .  what we look for  Â· integrity and trust â€“ team members who â€˜do the right thingâ€™ and have courage to speak up Â· intellectual capacity â€“ openness to learning ,  understanding and solving problems Â· drive for results â€“ team members with a â€˜can doâ€™ spirit Â· adaptable â€“ team members who respond and adjust  dell offers  Â· opportunity to work with a strong brand at one of the world s largest it solutions providers Â· dynamic ,  challenging ,  international work environment Â· exciting internal career opportunities Â· competitive compensation including bonus plans & a great benefit package Â· an individual professional development plan Â· formal and informal training  about dell inc .   want to work in an environment where each day is focused on delivering time ,  technology ,  and the know - how to make the world a better place ?  with a company committed to creating a diverse workforce and creating a positive ,  collaborative environment where everyone is valued and included ?   at dell ,  we believe technology is essential for human success and that it should be accessible to everyone .  we are constantly evolving to better serve our customers ,  seize new opportunities and drive growth .  together we can change the world .  come join us .  for more information ,  visit us on the web at www . dell . com / careers .   life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  13000yxs     
 dell sonicwall north american enterprise sales director us \ canada north america  dell sonicwall is a leader in advanced network security and data protection .  sonicwall s industry - leading next - generation firewalls and unified threat management  ( utm )  firewalls compliment dell s security solutions portfolio ,  enabling dell to offer customers a broader range of enterprise offerings .   we currently have an opening on our team for a sales director to managed enterprise accounts in north america .  the sales director manages field sales team members .  represents ,  communicates and executes on specific sales strategies .  manages a given territory through a team of regionals sales directors & account managers   duties include   -  directs the efforts of others in the achievement of the strategic and operational objectives of the group .    -  provides direction ,  development and inspiration to team members .    -  manages the hiring ,  staffing and maintaining of a diverse and effective workforce .    -  responsible for career development / planning ,  performance and pay discussions of team members .    -  manages field sales team members in the sale of the organizations products or services to specific existing named or strategic accounts on a national geographic basis .    -  manages all direct field sales account managers ,  may manage indirect and overlay field services account managers .    -  responsible for quota setting at the team / individual level .    -  customarily and regularly engaged at client facilities .    -  responsible for organizing cross functional teams engagement with account .   qualifications / requirements    -  manages field based individual contributors .    -  may manage inside sales managers and their teams .    -  strategically leads enterprise sales for field organization .    -  drives strategic account management and pipeline development .    -  leads teams business acumen and customer knowledge .    -  develops and trains account executives .    -  mentors entry level regional sales managers .    -  manages complex accounts and / or account teams .    -  senior level regional sales manager .    -  executes strategy .    -  may have country manager or site lead responsibilities .    -  10+ years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience .    -  8+ years leadership experience in the network security space a must   -  undergraduate degree and 10+ years relevant experience or graduate degree and 8+ years relevant experience .   why work for dell ?  endless challenges and rewards .  opportunities on six continents .  a team of colleagues fueled by collaboration .  all this ,  and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility .  what we look for  Â·         integrity and trust â€“ team members who â€˜do the right thingâ€™ and have courage to speak up Â·         intellectual capacity â€“ openness to learning ,  understanding and solving problems Â·         drive for results â€“ team members with a â€˜can doâ€™ spirit Â·         adaptable â€“ team members who respond and adjust  dell offers  Â·         opportunity to work with a strong brand at one of the world s largest it solutions providers Â·         dynamic ,  challenging ,  international work environment Â·         exciting internal career opportunities Â·         competitive compensation including bonus plans & a great benefit package Â·         an individual professional development plan Â·         formal and informal training  about dell inc .   want to work in an environment where each day is focused on delivering time ,  technology ,  and the know - how to make the world a better place ?   with a company committed to creating a diverse workforce and creating a positive ,  collaborative environment where everyone is valued and included ?  at dell ,  we believe technology is essential for human success and that it should be accessible to everyone .   we are constantly evolving to better serve our customers ,  seize new opportunities and drive growth .   together we can change the world .   come join us .  for more information ,  visit us on the web at www . dell . com / careers .   life at dell  equal employment opportunity policy  job requisition number  13000oyk     
 technical support intern undergraduate sr .  representative french and english speaking contrat d insertion anapec casablanca ,  center ,  morocco   -  responsible for providing telephone / email / chat ,  online ,  social media and remote diagnostic technical support of desktops ,  portables ,  peripherals  ( e . g .  ,  printers ,  projectors ,  etc .  )  and software custom or off the shelf software – industry or proprietary .  answers questions about installation ,  operation ,  configuration ,  customization ,  and usage of assigned products .  responsible for following defined policies & procedures  ( e . g verifies warranty entitlement ,  etc )  .  applies diagnostic techniques to identify problems ,  investigate causes and recommend solutions to correct failures .  documents problems in the support solution database for diagnostics and solution implementation .    -  responds to customer technical problems / issues related to hardware ,  software and networking via e - mail / chat ,  online ,  social media and phone .    -  assists customers by diagnosing problems and providing resolutions for technical service or care issues .    -  uses troubleshooting techniques and tools to identify products that are defective and follow guidelines in issuing service calls / contacts .    -  advises / educates customers within procedural guidelines to ensure a complete solution to their technical or service questions .    -  identifies ,  researches and provides input on unique or recurring customer problems .    -  remains knowledgeable of dell’s product line ,  current industry products and technologies .    -  focuses on delivering a positive customer experience according to dell standards .    -  monitors and tracks issues to ensure accurate resolution .    -  may be involved in revenue generation activities with current dell customers .    -  reviews and distributes pertinent cross - functional information .    -  escalates more complex customer technical issues to senior level support .     limeamor     -  12 months relevant experience   -  english & french  ,  spanish  ,  italian or dutch fluent   -  technical backgroung is preferable   -  team player   -  excellent communication skills   -  organization skills & time management   -  front office customer experience   -  dynamism    limeamor    life at dell  job requisition number  130011kj     
 hewlett - packard sales opening enterprise group sales / account management associate hewlett - packard is seeking experienced professionals with experience in account management ,  customer service and ,  sales support aspiring for a career in sales to work in the enterprise group sales organization in conway ,  ar .      as an inside sales enterprise group team member you will be responsible for acquiring knowledge of the hp product portfolio and sales methodology and developing the ability to solve customer problems by aligning hp value to sell solutions and manage accounts .    you would be expected to perform general and specific tasks related to the effective execution and support of the end to end sales cycle processes .   responsibilities include but are not limited to   ?  partner with a sales team to ensure account retention through seamless customer support ,  resource orchestration ,  and order fulfillment troubleshooting .   ?  enable sales productivity & available selling time to increase orders and customer satisfaction .   ?  execute tasks to support the sales process and move an opportunity forward .   ?  proactively drive account management .   ?  demonstrate breadth and depth of knowledge to position and map hp offerings to align with client’s business objectives and initiatives .   ?  data entry ,  quote support ,  record management ,  researching activities ,  etc .  .  . via defined processes  ?  demonstrate customer –oriented responsiveness in answering inquiries and troubleshooting process issues which jeopardize order fulfillment .   ?  maintain and build customer relationships to become a trusted consultative advisor .   ?  provide a full representation of the hp enterprise group portfolio .   ?  interfaces with key stakeholders and customers to provide pre & post - sales support to resolve issues  knowledge and skills  ?  demonstrated organization ,  problem solving and decision making skills .   ?  strong desire to succeed and is self motivated .   ?  outgoing personality with ability to connect with people and discover opportunities .   ?  excellent verbal / written communication and excellent attention to detail  ?  strong negotiation and presentation skills .   ?  highly disciplined ,  independent ,  and a self -  starter .   ?  team oriented ,  adaptable ,  coachable ,  dependable ,  with a strong work ethic .   ?  well organized and able to multi task .   ?  strategic thinker who works well under pressure .   ?  exceptional listening skills and ability to probe with curiosity .   ?  must be able to apply subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues .   ?  ability to become proficient in sales tools to manage a pipeline and produce an accurate forecast .   ?  excellence in ms word ,  excel ,  outlook ,  and powerpoint .       bachelor s graduate degree in business ,  arts or sciences is preferred or 3 - 5 years of equivalent experience in account management or account support  ?  track record of achievement and results oriented .   ?  desire to be accountable for the end - to - end customer experience .   ?  ability to work in a dynamic environment .   ?  some experience in sales preferred .      
   working independently while using standard protocol when needed to respond to customer issues .    moderate judgment is used to supplement the outlined process .    ssuccessfully resolve moderate to more difficult technical issues  ( related to hardware and software )  from incoming customer contacts and proactive notification systems .    respond to service ,  product ,  technical ,  and customer - relations questions on subjects such as features ,  specifications ,  and repairs on current and discontinued products ,  parts ,  and options ,  based on customer entitlement  ( for example warranty ,  enterprise and some mission - critical )  .    proactively assist customers to avoid or reduce problem occurrence .    participates in projects for process or quality improvements .    may act as a mentor to lower level employee working on similar hardware and software .          education and experience required     high school education or equivalent .     typically requires 3 - 5 years general experience ,  or equivalent combination of experience and college level education .   knowledge and skills     superior skills both written and verbal communication   experience in customer facing role ,  remote support ,  telephone ,  esupport ,  e - chat or similar .    computer proficiency with applicable software applications  ( for example microsoft office ,  cad ,  adobe suite ,  programming   has recognized technical skill in the range of products supported within relevant product lines  focus more acutely on a specific product line  -  for example ,  proliant related storage .    collaborates with cc and sce peers on resolving issues   knowledge and experience using knowledge management systems     
 we are seeking   a talented designer with print and web design chops that’s fearless and willing to tackle a wide variety of projects .  this role demands both the traditional skills of a print designer  ( composition & typography )  and a solid understanding of basic web technologies  ( html ,  css ,  and cmss )  .   extra credit   goes to those candidates with a familiarity in video production or ping pong prowess .  this is a solid opportunity for anyone looking to gain experience working in a high - energy software company .   the daily grind   web  ·         work with internal groups to produce content and design new pages for vertica . com and my . vertica . com as needed .   ·         create forms ,  web banners ,  infographics ,  and other supporting materials to supplement existing pages .   ·         make general site updates as new content and programs are produced—content ranges from news articles and blog posts to white papers ,  data sheets and other resources .   ·         facilitate a / b testing with new graphics and page redesigns .   print  ·         work with product marketing team to layout and produce print collateral using appropriate brand approved templates .   ·         support our events coordinator in designing tradeshow collateral ,  including advertisements ,  brochures ,  and posters .   presentations  ·         work with product marketing and executive team to create corporate slide decks that tell the story of hp vertica .   ·         design imagery and infographics that simplify messaging .   who we are   hp vertica is the leading provider of next - generation analytics platforms enabling customers to monetize all of their data .  vertica’s elasticity ,  scale ,  performance ,  and simplicity are unparalleled in the industry ,  delivering 50x - 1000x the performance of traditional solutions at 30% the total cost of ownership .  vertica’s analytics platform provides organizations with a robust solution for organizing big data on a massive scale in real time and powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally .  vertica powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally including zynga ,  groupon ,  twitter ,  verizon ,  guess inc .  ,  admeld ,  capital iq ,  mozilla ,  at&t ,  and comcast .          education and experience required   bachelors degree 1st year of master s program completed     
 hewlett - packard laboratories  ( hpl )  is an international research organization with its headquarters and largest facility located in palo alto ,  ca .  as hp s central research organization ,  hp labs  purpose is to deliver breakthrough technologies and technology advancements that provide a competitive advantage for hp ,  by investing in fundamental science and technology in areas of interest to hp .  our research is focused in the following areas  next - generation adaptive computing ,  printing and imaging ,  technologies for services ,  consumer systems ,  and emerging and disruptive technologies .       the printing and content delivery lab of hp labs is seeking a researcher to conduct research in automated document composition technologies applied to multi - channel digital publishing .   the research will include building document composition systems for real world automated content delivery .  the candidate will also be expected to lead the prototyping of document composition algorithms in an efficient manner taking full advantage of cloud / client side computing resources .   hp labs researchers are expected to undertake research programs which will advance the state of the art and have a significant business impact for hp .   the ideal candidate will possess a strong publication record at top tier conferences and journals .   at the same time ,  the candidate will be able to collaborate with other researchers ,  software developers ,  marketing strategists ,  and product managers on new applications and systems .   strong communication skills are required ,  and the ability to drive research results into products is highly valued .  applicants should possess in - depth knowledge of current technologies and research literature ,  and candidates with skills and experience in software development are preferred .   qualifications       the successful candidate should possess a ph . d .  degree in computer science or related discipline .   he or she is expected to have a strong background in document workflow automation ,  and / or document composition with an established research record .   key characteristics of the successful candidate include   ph . d .  with document engineering focus    expertise with publishing / rendering systems  ( tex / scribus api / indesign api / html5 / css3 )  is a strong plus    prior experience working with probabilistic / statistical models is a plus    overall strong implementation skills .  proficiency using matlab and java is a plus .     knowledge of parallel processing frameworks  ( hadoop )  is a plus  applicants should also have several of the following qualifications     ability to develop and execute a research plan    strong publication record    in - depth knowledge of current research    passion for incorporating research results into products    excellent written and verbal communication skill     
 ·maintain high level customer satisfaction by clarifying customer needs and ensuring that they are met  ·handle customer - relation problems promptly and appropriately ,  escalate issues according to established procedures  ·provide software service ,  post - sales or service delivery support and solve applications problems for remote or local accounts ,  on standard and specialized systems  ·provide direct post - sales systems technical support to end users and hp authorized service providers  ·solve technical problems on an assigned hardware and software platforms  ·use proactive monitoring procedures / tools to identify problem prevention opportunities  accountable for company policies and procedures to complete a wide variety of internal and customer facing tasks  system level technical knowledge effecting customer business level availability independent judgment exercised  affecting hp escalation processes         knowledge of corporate organization ,  job ,  and policies  advanced knowledge of operating systems and software  basic skills in project management  strong communication skills ,  problem analysis ,  and presentation skills  ability to develop customer relationships  ability to perform while under high - pressure situations  ability to work in a team environment  basic networking ,  o / s ,  and troubleshooting knowledge  detailed understanding of general / technical aspects of the onsite system repair job     
 ·maintain high level customer satisfaction by clarifying customer needs and ensuring that they are met  ·handle customer - relation problems promptly and appropriately ,  escalate issues according to established procedures  ·diagnose and repair laser printers on site at customer locations  ·provide direct post - sales systems technical support to end users and hp authorized service providers  ·solve technical problems on an assigned hardware and software platforms  ·use proactive monitoring procedures / tools to identify problem prevention opportunities  accountable for company policies and procedures to complete a wide variety of internal and customer facing tasks  system level technical knowledge effecting customer business level availability independent judgment exercised  affecting hp escalation processes  critical competencies to drive business results   technical breadth / depth actively builds deeper technical depth in area - of - expertise ,  and expands knowledge base through development of associated but unfamiliar areas  service opportunity review understands hp s installed base and the range of service contract coverage available ,  and applies this knowledge to advance and expand opportunities  customer experience management  ( remote )  interfaces effectively with customers and internal resources to promote trusted advisor status of hp within accounts and facilitate uniform account support  customer troubleshooting / compliance acts quickly to resolve customer issues in a way that retains trust and maintains delight with hp  customer technical information sharing builds trust & confidence in hp s technical consultative capabilities through education & assistance  services support policies & procedures applies understanding of hp service organization and functions to support internal and external customer requests  hps / bu business context understands the market segments sold into ,  the business challenges addressed by hp services / business unit solutions ,  and hp s strategy for market penetration  hps / bu solutions understands hp services / business unit solutions in area - of - responsibility -  what they consist of ,  product roadmaps ,  key technology concepts ,  and the competitive landscape in which they are sold  hps solution interfaces understands how services in area - of - responsibility fit within or interface with the sales of other solutions  -  hp services ,  other global business units ,  or hp s partner strategies  hps / bu implementation understands the strategy and customer requirements involved in deploying software solutions  change management develops methods for supporting innovation and change across the organization  problem solving approaches problems in a rational manner using sound strategies that ensure comprehensive understanding and effective resolution         knowledge of corporate organization ,  job ,  and policies  advanced knowledge of operating systems and software  basic skills in project management  strong communication skills ,  problem analysis ,  and presentation skills  ability to develop customer relationships  ability to perform while under high - pressure situations  ability to work in a team environment  basic networking ,  o / s ,  and troubleshooting knowledge  detailed understanding of general / technical aspects of the onsite system repair job     
 interacts with customer to ensure customer satisfaction following established procedures  performs installations ,  reinstallations ,  maintenance ,  and repairs on customer equipment  delivers standard services  uses data from known resources to ensure customer product needs are met  solves product level problems onsite with individual customers  overall customer satisfaction measured at product repair level  meets commitments within specified timeframe  follows established product escalation procedures  provides technical information to customer and escalation team for individual product repairs  repair related growth opportunities explored         relevant product / company knowledge  moderately basic troubleshooting skills  basic analytical and communications skills  proficient in professional oral ,  and telephone communication skills  ability to gather relevant information systematically ,  and identify needs and solve problems following the instruction ability to maintain ongoing relationships with customers ,  peers and support partners  ability to effectively interact and communicate with people at operational level  perform reporting and administrative functions  ability to manage time effectively     
 job description  the insurance / healthcare job family contains positions associated with providing consultancy utilizing knowledge and expertise on insurance and healthcare .  develops and implements general insurance and health policies in accordance with state and federal laws .  provides expertise to investigate and adjudicate claim characteristics that do not match policy provisions .  responds to provider appeals and meets with providers to resolve problems / issues .  provides directions for utilization review .  approves any remedial or recoupment actions associated with escalated claims .  advises provider review councils ,  state officials and works with organized healthcare groups and associations on various medical issues related to insurance and healthcare programs .   responsiblities     participates productively as a member of a team .    completes tasks beyond general support level .    accepts instruction and direction from leadership .  ability to manage tasks and assignments without detailed direction .    identifies ,  prioritizes and resolves some issues independently ,  and escalates more complex questions or issues appropriately .    complies with contract requirements ,  business unit rules and related and legal regulations         education and experience     high school diploma or equivalent  may hold 2 year post - high school degree  may hold bachelor’s degree .    typically ,  1 - 2 years of working experience in related fields .   knowledge and skills     prior office or clerical experience .    ability to follow written policies and procedures .    ability to access and retrieve information using a pc and basic understanding of microsoft office products .    ability to follow procedural guidelines .     ability to work on assignments with limited instructions from leadership .    good written and verbal communication skills ,  including professional telephone skills .      
 about us  a great opportunity to join the hp hotel management family .  hp hotel management is a growing national hotel development and management company .  situated in oklahoma city in the quail springs area ,  the hilton garden inn oklahoma city north quail springs offers comfort and convenience .  we are currently seeking highly motivated individuals to join our team as front desk associates .  front desk associates are responsible for assisting guests and performing all front desk duties .  front desk associates report directly to the front desk manager .  responsibilities  greet all customers who approach the front desk in a smiling ,  friendly manner .  check - in arriving guests in the most efficient manner possible ,  following all established procedures and policies .  check - out departing guests in the most efficient manner possible ,  following all established procedures and policies .  review arriving reservations for the day early in the shift ,  checking for special requests ,  vip s ,  etc .  ,  preassigning rooms as necessary .  pre - register groups that have requested pre - registration .  count cash drawer at beginning and end of each shift .  prepare shift deposit accurately ,  following standard procedures .  record messages and receive mail for arriving and in - house guests .  ensure that message lights are turned on and off as necessary .  check all guest folios during each shift ,  checking for potential credit problems .  ensure that all guests have either sufficient cash balances or authorized credit cards to cover expected charges .  take steps to notify cash customers who have used their credit balances to come and pay on their account .  record future reservations for any guest by phone or in person ,  following all standard procedures .  always check for sold - out dates before promising availability .  handle complaints efficiently and courteously .  other duties as assigned .  requirements  high school diploma .  standing and walking 100% of the time with lifting and bending .  the ability to see and hear .  fluent in english .  computer literate .      
 incident management     identify performance issues proactively .  solve technical problems on assigned hardware and software platform ( s )  / application ( s )  following standard protocols .    works within strict time scales and elevates incidents within defined time windows .   quality     understands the impact of operations delivery on the customer s business .  contribute to team s ability to meet target goals through participation in continuous service improvement initiatives .   complaint handling     responds to customer relations problems promptly and appropriately .  takes ownership to ensure satisfactory completion of complaint ,  through engagement of appropriate resources .   customer relationship     maintain a high level of customer satisfaction by clarifying customer needs and ensuring that they are met .  work effectively in a multicultural environment .  respond to service ,  product ,  technical ,  and customer relations questions .   teamwork     lead a small team with well defined objectives .   this is a position providing end user service level 2 support in direct support to the customer  troubleshooting and resolving computer and other it device issues .  this position will allow tier 2 to increase its remote ticket resolution .  pc support required  mac support requested .          education and experience required     high school diploma or equivalent  may hold 2 year post - high school degree  ( technical field )   may hold bachelor s degree .    may hold entry level certification ( s )  in field of work .    typically ,  3 - 5 years of working experience in related fields .   knowledge and skills     able to demonstrate broad knowledge of corporate policies ,  products / service portfolio ,  markets and processes .    in - depth knowledge of administration or technical practices in relevant areas ,  plus application of basic theory .    able to apply advanced knowledge to assist in the operation of one or more aspects of a technology area / customer group .    ability to resolve or assist in the resolution of complex customer problems .    able to apply knowledge of high availability system environments ,  if applicable .    able to apply skills in project management ,  analysis ,  scheduling and controlling .    able to demonstrate good oral ,  written ,  and telephone communication skills .    ability to build and maintain relationships with customers ,  peers ,  and support partners .    able to understand customer system environments with associated business needs .     ability to work in a team environment ,  which may be local ,  global ,  virtual ,  or multifunctional .      demonstrate good teamwork with peers .      pc skills required and mac skills also requested     
 hp vertica is seeking entry level  /  recent gradsto join our team as a client engineer .   questions to consider before applying to the role   1 .     do you like writing software that enables users to create big data solutions ?   2 .     are you up for the challenge of sifting through huge volumes of data ?   3 .     do you want to increase your exposure to an array of programing languages and software ?   4 .     do you want to increase your experience with a variety of platforms ?   ( windows ,  linux ,  mac )   5 .     are you driven ,  outgoing and enjoy playing ping pong against your coworkers ?   if you answered yes to all the questions above do not wait a moment longer .  apply to the client engineer role !   your daily duties    ( trust us ,  doing them is a lot more fun than reading about them )    -           writing & maintaining standards compliant  ( jdbc ,  ado . net ,  odbc ,  oledb )  client software   -           writing & maintaining custom data ingest & egress software   -           client & server programming ,  networking   -           performance analysis & tuning  the team environment   as part of the team ,  you will build reliable and high - performance connectivity software ,  be exposed to a wide variety of third party software products ,  and gain a comprehensive understanding of the big data ecosystem .          the skills you need to be seriously considered  .    -           experience in at least one of c++ ,  java or c#   -           client - server systems programming experience  extra credit    -           familiarity with standard client interfaces  ( jdbc ,  odbc ,  ado . net ,  oledb )    -           familiarity with php ,  python ,  or perl desirable   -           unix and / or windows scripting skills desirable  a little about us  hp vertica is the leading provider of next - generation analytics platforms enabling customers to monetize all of their data .  verticaâ€™s elasticity ,  scale ,  performance ,  and simplicity are unparalleled in the industry ,  delivering 50x - 1000x the performance of traditional solutions at 30% the total cost of ownership .  verticaâ€™s analytics platform provides organizations with a robust solution for organizing big data on a massive scale in real time .   vertica powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally including zynga ,  twitter ,  and at &t .  are you ready to join the industry leader in big data ?  this isnt just a career ,  its your future !      
 · responsible for delivery of assigned tasks within the delivery cycle of a project .  understands a number of hp technologies in order to provide technical systems management support or deliver part of a detailed technical design which meets customer requirements .  tasks may include performing systems configurations ,  troubleshooting systems errors / problems ,  monitoring and / or testing systems performance ,  and contribute to the design of technical solutions for customer environments .   · works under supervision of technical lead and with customer nominated representatives to accomplish assigned tasks .   · acts professionally with hp customers .  participates as part of a team and maintains good relationships with team members and customers .   · understands hp’s strategy .  is aware of knowledge tools and their application .   · participates in chosen technical community or profession ,  and regularly attends profession or community of interest events .  focuses on single customer .  contributes via assigned tasks on specific projects .          · has sufficient technical knowledge to assist with the completion of specific deliverables .   · able to communicate concepts with team and to peers .   · able to produce basic documentation to required standards .   · demonstrates understanding of assigned discipline or technical area .  demonstrate fundamental technical knowledge .   ·         determines enterprise information assurance and security standards .   ·         develops and implements information assurance / security standards and procedures .   ·         coordinates ,  develops ,  and evaluates security programs for an organization .  recommends information assurance / security solutions to support customers’ requirements .   ·         identifies ,  reports ,  and resolves security violations .   ·         establishes and satisfies information assurance and security requirements based upon the analysis of user ,  policy ,  regulatory ,  and resource demands .   ·         supports customers at the highest levels in the development and implementation of doctrine and policies .   ·         applies know - how to government and commercial common user systems ,  as well as to dedicated special purpose systems requiring specialized security features and procedures .   ·         performs analysis ,  design ,  and development of security features for system architectures .   ·         analyzes and defines security requirements for computer systems which may include mainframes ,  workstations ,  and personal computers .   ·         designs ,  develops ,  engineers ,  and implements solutions that meet security requirements .   ·         provides integration and implementation of the computer system security solution .   ·         analyzes general information assurance - related technical problems and provides basic engineering and technical support in solving these problems .   ·         performs vulnerability / risk analyses of computer systems and applications during all phases of the system development life cycle .   ·         ensures that all information systems are functional and secure .   security requirements   secret or top secret  8570 requirement     
   participates as a member of development team .     completes development of units with designs prepared by more senior developers .     participates in code reviews .  prepares and executes unit tests .     applies growing technical knowledge to maintain a technology area  ( e . g .  web - site development )  .     may perform unit design .     applies hp and 3rd party technologies to software solutions of moderate complexity .     configures end - user or enterprise systems designed by more senior technologists .      performs work assigned by others .      provides time  /  resource estimates for assigned tasks .          dod secret clearance required  education and experience required   typically a technical bachelor s degree or equivalent experience and a minimum of 2 years of related experience or a master s degree and up to two years of experience .   knowledge and skills   2 or more years experience writing code using languages such as  ( and not limited to )  cobol ,  pl / 1 ,  java ,  c ,  c++ ,  c# ,  vb . net .  basic understanding of rdbms databases such sql server and oracle .   basic understanding of modern software design and development methodologies  ( e . g .  ,  oo )  .  basic understanding of modern scm  ( software configuration management )  .   basic understanding of testing tools and unit test scripting ,  and testing methodologies .  experience using  ( or an understanding of the use of )  an integrated development environment  ( e . g .  ,  eclipse ,  visual studio )  .  understanding of basic database administration .  understanding of quality and security standards .  good verbal and written communication skills .   contingent upon contract award 1 yr it experience .  applies fundamental concepts ,  processes ,  practices ,  and procedures on technical assignments .  java experience including spring ,  hibernate ,  tomcat and mule .      
 title  entry level software engineer  -  storage location  united states - massachusetts - southborough job number  1185290 summary  hewlett packard is seeking a software engineer to work on the design and implementation of the data transfer and storage modules for a large scale ,  highly distributed server protection solution .  qualified applicants will have 0 - 2 years of experience .  this software engineer will report into the manager of the server protection storage development team ,  work across engineering disciplines ,  and contribute to the design ,  implementation ,  and delivery of all components associated with the solution’s data transfer and storage modules  .  the ideal candidate needs to be forward - looking and pragmatic in solving problems and must have excellent communication skills .  key responsibilities  · document designs and functionality · contribute to the design ,  implementation ,  qualification ,  and delivery of all components associated with the solution’s data transfer and storage modules qualifications  must have  · 0 - 2 years in a developer position working with c and / or java and other open space technologies · solid design skills  oom / ood ,  patterns ,  etc .  · experience building applications on top of windows and linux platforms · awareness of security issues and avoidance ,  specifically with lan / wan based applications · use of standard development tools  source control ,  ide ,  unit test ,  etc .  · knowledge of good engineering practices · exposure to a formalized software development life cycle process · excellent organizational and communication skills · desire to work in an exciting and challenging atmosphere job  engineering     
 title  entry level software engineer  -  server location  united states - massachusetts - southborough job number  1185292 hewlett packard is seeking a software engineer to work on the design and implementation of the management back - end for a large scale ,  highly distributed server protection solution .  qualified applicants will have 0 - 2 years of experience .  this software engineer will report into the manager of the server protection server development team ,  work across engineering disciplines ,  and contribute to the design ,  implementation ,  and delivery of all components associated with the solution’s management back - end .  the ideal candidate needs to be forward - looking and pragmatic in solving problems and must have excellent communication skills .  key responsibilities  · document designs and functionality · contribute to the design ,  implementation ,  qualification ,  and delivery of all components associated with the solution’smanagement back - end qualifications  must have  · 0 - 2 years in a developer position working with java and other open space technologies · solid design skills  oom / ood ,  patterns ,  etc .  · experience building applications on top of windows and linux platforms · awareness of security issues and avoidance ,  specifically with lan / wan based applications · use of standard development tools  source control ,  ide ,  unit test ,  etc .  · knowledge of good engineering practices · exposure to a formalized software development life cycle process · excellent organizational and communication skills · desire to work in an exciting and challenging atmosphere nice to have  · experience developing with c / c · experience building large scale and highly distributed ,  web - based applications · experience building applications on top of unix platforms  solaris ,  hp - ux ,  aix ,  etc .  job  engineering     
 title  application development -  - entry level location  united states - maryland - landover job number  1187312 · successfully resolve technical issues  ( hardware and software )  from incoming internal or external businesses and end user’s contacts and proactive notification systems .  · respond to service ,  product ,  technical ,  and customer relations questions on subjects such as features ,  specifications ,  and repairs on current and discontinued products ,  parts ,  and options ,  based on customer entitlement  ( warranty through mission - critical )  .  · resolve incoming internal or external businesses and end user’s problems via telephone and e - support .  · articulate both in writing and verbally case summary ,  resolution and add to knowledge management system  ( kms )  .  · proactively assist customers to avoid or reduce problem occurrence .  · represent hp in a face to face customer location visit ,  industry conference / trade show ,  vendor meeting ,  etc .  · engages team members for support as required to ensure internal or external business and end user service level agreements  ( sla )  demands are met · begin to partner with and assist the sales pursuit team · is generally engaged in less complex support tasks relative to peers .  · high energy team player · creative and imaginative in developing customer solutions alone or as part of a team qualifications  education and experience required  high school  completion of post primary level education prior to university study .  typically certified by diploma  ( i . e .  ,  h . s .  diploma ,  a” levels  ( u . k )  ,  baccalaureate  ( france )  ,  etc .  )  .  0 - 1 year experience in relevant technologies and customer environments .  relevant industry qualification where applicable .  knowledge and skills required  · excellent verbal and written communication skills in language to be supported · experience in troubleshooting in a technical environment · excellent analytical and problem solving skills · software and hardware knowledge of computing ,  storage and peripheral devices · advanced proficiency with case management databases and tools · superior customer service skills · phone and remote support experience .  e - support experience · designs ,  develops ,  enhances ,  debugs ,  and implements software .  troubleshoots production problems related to software applications .  · researches ,  tests ,  build ,  and coordinate the conversion and / or integration of new products based on client requirements .  designs and develops new software products or major enhancements to existing software .  · addresses problems of systems integration ,  compatibility ,  and multiple platforms .  · consults with project teams and end users to identify application requirements .  · performs feasibility analysis on potential future projects to management .  · assists in the evaluation and recommendation of application software packages ,  application integration and testing tools .  · resolves problems with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements .  · acts as team leader on projects .  · instructs ,  assigns ,  directs ,  and checks the work of other software developers on development team .  · participates in development of software user manuals .  · security requirements – secret or top secret · 8570 requirements job  services     
 hewlett - packard is a leading global technology services provider delivering business solutions to its clients .  the hp enterprise services delivers the industry’s broadest portfolios of information technology ,  applications and business process outsourcing services to clients in the manufacturing  financial services  healthcare  communications ,  media and entertainment  energy  transportation  and consumer and retail industries  and to governments around the world .   governments turn to hp enterprise services area for the mission - focused experience to help reduce costs ,  streamline processes and operate more efficiently ,  while improving the quality and value of the services they provide .  our deep experience in the public and private sectors has enabled us to deliver substantial results for a variety of government organizations .   we are currently looking for a cyber security c&a  non - technical validator to work in san diego ,  california .  the candidate who fills this position will be a full time employee of hp supporting our cosc  ( formerly nmci )  contract .          specific job duties include   • able to conduct physical security assessments of nmci bases • able to validate the output of those scans against defined standards • able to prepare initial compliance report based on preliminary results • provides preliminary scan results to enterprise vulnerability team for mitigation .  • database maintenance in asp application connected to a microsoft sql database .  • experience in certification and accreditation diacap process • experience with ia audit tools  ( retina ,  gd ,  and srr )  • understanding of disa stigs and vms • knowledge in dod 8500 . 2 • experience in excel scripting and macros  education and experience required   • dod interim secret or secret security clearance prior to start date .  • ia certification of security + or cissp • physical location near an nmci base with sipr access • hands on technical experience on windows and unix platforms • strong client relationships skills • demonstrated network knowledge • security + or cissp certification .  • may hold entry level certification ( s )  in field of work .  • typically ,  3 - 5 years of working experience in related fields • high school diploma or equivalent  may hold 2 yr .  post - high school degree  ( technical field )   may hold bachelor s degree .      
 incident management     identify performance issues proactively .  solve technical problems on assigned hardware and software platform ( s )  / application ( s )  following standard protocols .    works within strict time scales and elevates incidents within defined time windows .   problem management     uses proactive monitoring procedures / tools to identify problem prevention opportunities  change management    configure system hardware ,  software and network components to meet established standards with assistance .  perform routine installations and / or configurations .  assemble and integrate system / product .   operations maintenance     perform routine maintenance .  may include performing tape / backup operations .   quality     understands the impact of operations delivery on the customer s business .  contribute to team s ability to meet target goals through participation in continuous service improvement initiatives .   complaint handling     responds to customer relations problems promptly and appropriately .  takes ownership to ensure satisfactory completion of complaint ,  through engagement of appropriate resources .   customer relationship     maintain a high level of customer satisfaction by clarifying customer needs and ensuring that they are met .  work effectively in a multicultural environment .  respond to service ,  product ,  technical ,  and customer relations questions .   teamwork     lead a small team with well defined objectives .          education and experience required     high school diploma or equivalent  may hold 2 year post - high school degree  ( technical field )   may hold bachelor s degree .    may hold entry level certification ( s )  in field of work .    typically ,  3 - 5 years of working experience in related fields .   knowledge and skills     able to demonstrate broad knowledge of corporate policies ,  products / service portfolio ,  markets and processes .    in - depth knowledge of administration or technical practices in relevant areas ,  plus application of basic theory .    able to apply advanced knowledge to assist in the operation of one or more aspects of a technology area / customer group .    ability to resolve or assist in the resolution of complex customer problems .    able to apply knowledge of high availability system environments ,  if applicable .    able to apply skills in project management ,  analysis ,  scheduling and controlling .    able to demonstrate good oral ,  written ,  and telephone communication skills .    ability to build and maintain relationships with customers ,  peers ,  and support partners .    able to understand customer system environments with associated business needs .     ability to work in a team environment ,  which may be local ,  global ,  virtual ,  or multifunctional .      demonstrate good teamwork with peers .   ·         maintain the repository of excess afncr assets so that all purchases of new equipment can be cross - referenced to the asset manager database to ensure we have re - purposed all equipment in stock .    software licenses can be used to their maximum potential to ensure enterprise copies are put into the environment which ultimately reduces cost of multiple individual licenses .   ·         identify the assets and timing in creating hardware refresh plans and software update plans .  this is to make sure that the optimum value is achieved with each asset and software licensing is maintained accurately and can provide support for decisions such as frequency of hardware refresh ,  optimal operational life span of hardware ,  optimizing lease ,  maintenance ,  or warranty contracts  readiness to meet audit ,  regulatory ,  compliance ,  and contractual changes and organizational scalability  ·         refresh and imacd activities ,  work closely with the refresh team to make sure that assets being refreshed are accurately captured in the asset database and the older assets are removed in accordance with end - of - life policies and government regulations .   ·         manage the software assets following a  disciplined itil - based approach to tracking ,  reporting ,  analyzing ,  delivering ,  and maintaining software assets to assist with the understanding of what software has been deployed in the environment ,  requires licensing ,  and is compliant with software agreements .  this process will manage and  report on software available without a license or requiring an individual license ,  enterprise - wide licenses and one time purchase software as approved by the government pm .   ·         follow itil aligned processes in coordination with the required client requirements to  perform yearly 100% inventory  ·         migrate the asset data to the new remedy asset management module and provide ongoing monitoring and management of the hardware and software assets in the environment .   ·         analyzing software agreements ,  licenses ,  and maintenance contracts including their expiration dates to determine the impact on clients license position  ·         maintaining version / release currency to make sure that software is updated within 12 months of release date  ·         facilitating security controls and change control compliance including making sure that proper testing ,  approvals ,  distribution schedules ,  and authorities to operate are maintained  ·         working with the user community on distribution schedules to delay updates should they interfere with partner interoperability or accelerate updates ahead of their approved installation dates  ·         providing and managing the distribution of all software used ,  including maintaining individual and group restrictions / approvals .   ·         installing and maintaining publisher - provided subscription or license management utilities or appliances  ·         preparing ,  maintaining ,  and validating software - related configuration items  security requirements   secret or top secret  8570 requirement     
 programming experience 5+ years   java ,  c ,  cobol platform   unix  airline flight operations knowledge site requirement    miramar ,  florida  job family description     undertakes the service management activities and minor enhancement involved in the ongoing delivery of application management .     provides application lifecycle technical expertise for the support ,  monitoring ,  troubleshooting ,  change and enhancement of packaged  ( e . g .  sap ,  oracle )  or custom applications  ( e . g .  java ,   . net and mainframe )  in accordance with contractual terms and conditions and established technical standards such as cmmi - scc and iso .     provides technical input ,  and delivery model solutions / recommendations to application management services deal pursuit .  engages in and provides support for transition / transformation efforts .     undertakes the full range of service management functions required to ensure service delivery compliance to budget ,  quality standards and committed service levels on an on - going basis following operational policies and processes that are compliant with industry standards ,  such as iso ,  and best practices such as  information    technology infrastructure library  ( itil )  .     manages the technical / service relationships  between hp and the customer ,  between hp and subcontractors / vendors ,  or among various hp internal organizations .     works with the key customers ,  and / or internal businesses / end user representatives  ( e . g .  ,  account executive and the account delivery manager )  to retain customers and build the business .  hp application management employees are supported by service desk function when they work directly with application end - users on application incidents .     provides input to and / or manages service improvement programs regarding customer satisfaction and service delivery .     employees using this job family should be working in applications management not ito or hardware support .   job level definitions  specialist    applies developed subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex business issues within established guidelines and recommends appropriate alternatives .     works on problems / projects of diverse complexity and scope .     exercises independent judgment within generally defined policies and practices to identify and select a solution .     may act as a team or project leader providing direction to team activities and facilitates information validation and team decision - making process .  ability to handle most unique situations .     may seek advice in order to make decisions on complex business issues .   responsibilities  • technical knowledge  apply advanced technical and business knowledge  ( e . g .  sap ,  java ,   . net )  to solve application issues that are critical or high - risk .  independently integrate technical knowledge and business understanding to create superior solutions for hp and for customers .  • incident management  resolve single -  and cross technology / application incidents independently .  document known errors and work arounds works with team members ,  delivery centers ,  and other hp organizations to resolve unusually complex or cross - technology incidents .  • escalation management  identify ,  manage ,  and lead escalations via established processes .  • problem management  proactively and reactively look for solutions to prevent problems from occurring in team / technology area .  • change management / implementation  independently review ,  implement ,  and verify changes / solutions of high complexity and risk to meet customer needs .  may lead or participate in a change advisory board .  • configuration management  oversee configuration management processes ,  resolve issues ,  and implement processes to improve efficiencies .  • solution design  apply hp solutions to meet highly complex customer needs .  the solution may include service delivery models for new services .  • quality  may provide feedback / influence change in internal and / or vendor - provided products / service offerings .  • project management  participate ,  propose ,  and / or lead customer and internal projects across technology customers and / or internal businesses / end users  areas ,  including transformation .  • customer relationship management  influence with customers and / or internal businesses / end users regarding operational details ,  solutions ,  and proposals .  becoming a trusted advisor to the customer .  provides training to end users on applications in area of responsibility .   understands and manages to contract scope .  • teamwork  work as part of a global ,  and / or multi - functional team .  lead teams which address operational processes and policies in work area .  seen as a resource and may mentor less experienced team members within the team in one or more technical -  / operational policies / standards or business areas .  is a trusted advisor inside and outside the team / technology area .  • contract knowledge  demonstrates comprehensive understanding of contract obligations across business area .   provides guidance to others to meet contract obligations .  • mentor less - experienced team members on all areas of applications management work .  • capacity and performance  -  ensures that the capacity management process and working practices are effective and efficient .    evaluates the impact of proposed changes on the capacity design and plan .  • business continuity  -  responsible for activities involving damage assessment ,  co - ordination with other recovery teams ,  deciding on recovery steps to take ,  maintaining records ,  and providing recovery status reports .   scope and impact  typically advises or sets direction for  • group ( s )  of customers with similar needs • medium - size services • region or global         education and experience required   bachelor s degree in computer science ,  it service management ,  engineering ,  business ,  or related field or equivalent work experience .  may have master s degree in related field .  often holds entry - level certification ( s )  in work field .  may hold intermediate - level certification ( s )  in work field .  typically 5+ years of relevant experience  knowledge and skills   typical skills include  • strong understanding of applications technology in direct responsibility • itil intermediate level certified • knowledge of   iso20000 • understanding of other technology sub - areas • general understanding of related technologies • strng customer service • general project management  influencing others ,  customer / vendor  management ,  business analysis ,  general financial management .  • strong communications skills  good presentation skills • client - facing interpersonal skills .   able to lead applications management delivery     
 participates as a member of development team .  performs basic analysis of functional requirements .  completes code stubs prepared by more senior developers .  participates in code review .  prepares and executes unit tests under supervision .  applies growing technical knowledge to maintain a technology area  ( e . g .  database administration )  .  performs work assigned by others .  accountable for own work .          0 - 2 years experience in writing code  ( such as ,  and not limited to ,  java ,  c ,  c++ ,  c# ,  vb . net  databases like sql server /  oracle .  basic understanding of rdbms and database scripting .  basic understanding of testing tools and test scripting .      
 participates as a member of development team .  performs basic analysis of functional requirements .  completes code stubs prepared by more senior developers .  participates in code review .  prepares and executes unit tests under supervision .  applies growing technical knowledge to maintain a technology area  ( e . g .  database administration )  .  performs work assigned by others .  accountable for own work .          0 - 2 years experience in writing code  ( such as ,  and not limited to ,  java ,  c ,  c++ ,  c# ,  vb . net  databases like sql server /  oracle .  basic understanding of rdbms and database scripting .  basic understanding of testing tools and test scripting .      
 title  software design intern location  united states job number  1193800 hp will not sponsor individuals for immigration benefits in this position .  •this is an internship opportunity .  •the successful candidate must be currently pursuing a bachelor  s ,  master  s or phd degree .  this is for a software designer internship work in the application software space .  work could range from    working within a lab on desktop software related to enabling printing systems .    working within a lab on web / cloud based softwaer related to the manageability of printing systems .    working within teams responsible for defining and delivering high quality software through the sw agile development model .    partnering with other teams to deliver towards expanding solutions .    adopting the necessary tools and processes to deliver high quality and robust sw that meets the end customers   needs   working closely with qa to ensure that all of the software meets / exceeds end user expectations as well as quality and robustness criteria .  qualifications  education and experience required    high school degree   2 years of university completed - typically a technical degree specialization   some knowledge in coding languages areas such as c# ,  c  ,  javascript ,  html ,  xml .    knowledge about web development areas would be helpful .  job  administration     
 software developer  hp autonomy ,  a part of the hp software group ,  provides market - leading solutions to help organizations all over the world understand the meaning in information .  with vast amounts of data being collected ,  our advanced data protection suite enables customers to fully protect their data  from data centers ,  to virtualized environments ,  and even edge devices .  our technology applies automatic advanced analytics ,  categorization ,  and clustering to all types of data to allow organizations to stay ahead of the convergence of backup and recovery with operational processing either on - premise or in the cloud .   autonomy was acquired by hp in 2011 and we are growing and thriving with r&d investment through this acquisition .   we re looking for talented co - op candidates to join our high - powered teams contributing towards developing the next generation of hp’s data protection solutions .    the technical challenges this team faces are significant and qualified applicants will be those rare individuals who can grasp even the toughest issues quickly and contribute to solid ,  quality solutions .   development of the next generation product includes client side ,  mobile ,  and cloud / server opportunities .   key responsibilities    participate in software development using agile / scrum development process   learn to analyze product requirements and propose solutions to them   write design specifications and other development documentation   implement the feature / functionality specified in the product requirements   assist in defining ,  automating ,  and executing development tests in support of the feature / functionality being developed   deliver solutions to the product requirements following the prescribed development processes  required skills    familiarity with basic concepts of computer architecture ,  data structures and standard programming practices .    java development experience  ( c++ / java experience  ( academic and / or professional )  )    file systems and communication  ( tcp / ip )  sub - systems knowledge   ability to follow standard engineering principles and practices .    strong aptitude for learning new technologies .    creative approach to problem solving .    excellent written and verbal communication skills   excellent inter - personal skills   a strong sense of self - motivation   ability to work collaboratively within a team environment of other engineers to meet aggressive goals and high quality standards .   pluses    development experience on linux and windows is a plus   exposure to mobile development  ( ios ,  android )    familiarity with statistical analysis of large data sets         education and experience required     currently working towards a b . s .  or m . s .  in computer science / computer engineering     
 title  global real estate intern  -  graduate level location  united states - california - palo alto job number  1188515are you looking for your first corporate experience within fortune 10 company that provides best in class technology and services ?  are you willing to show how you are going make it mattereach and every day ?  if you answered yes to the previous questions ,  please read on for an exciting internship opportunity and take action now to complete your submission !  the hp global real estate  ( gre ) organization offers an opportunity for development of best - in - class leadership skills ,  corporate real estate expertise ,  facilities management ,  engineering and strategy development within the capabilities team .  our gre intern university hire program is designed to attract and develop exceptional talent ,  while buidling a talent pipeline of future hp employees .  the program has been designed with a focus on building professional relationship between interns and the gre leaders ,  so each intern will obtain the greatest amount of experience and visibility in corporate real estate throughout their participation in the program .  every intern selected for the program will benefit from the following key responsibilities and experiences    experiential learning through project initiatives / assignments   applicable formal classroom training   working knowledge of hp and its business objectives   exposure to multiple gre functions through tangible work experience what is an ideal candidate for the gre intern program ?   { education and experience required }    currently enrolled in advanced degree program and have completed at least 1 year towards advanced degree  ( i . e .  mba )    strong leadership ,  influencing ,  communication and interpersonal skills   strong project management abilities   geographic / cultural knowledge and / or experience   self - starter with ability to manage work in multiple areas and within a virtual work environment   effective collaborator   ability to develop and promote positive change through innovation and creativity   strong contributor who wants to make an impact what does global real estate do at hp ?  we manage hp’s entire real estate portfolio ,  everything from providing facility services to our colleagues at our sites to lease negotiations to construction project management to property purchase and dispositions – basically anything that affects the hp real estate portfolio is managed by hp gre .  we have a passion for what we do the hp brand speaks for itself when it comes to making successful career choices .  we have earned a reputation as a company that promotes a progressive culture ,  maintains high integrity and a dedication to sustainability and innovation .  our goal is to attract ,  retain ,  and hire the best and brightest talent ,  to nurture and develop their unique skills and ideas so they can win and grow with hp .  about hp  -  creating unlimited opportunities a company of hp’s scope and size can be intimidating for those about to embark on their careers .  hp creates new possibilities for technology to have a meaningful impact on people ,  businesses ,  governments and society .  the world’s largest technology company and ranked 10 on the fortune 500 list for 2012 ,  hp brings together a portfolio that spansprinting ,  personal computing ,  software ,  services and it infrastructure to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries on six continents .  hp invents ,  engineers ,  and delivers technology solutions that drive business value ,  create socialvalue ,  and improve the lives of our clients .  we thank you for your interest and taking the time to review the internship program opportunity .  if you think it is a match to your experience and interests ,  please apply today ,  weare eager to learn more about you !  if you know a friend who may be a fit for the job please refer them .  please note the above statements describe the general nature and level of work only .  they are not a complete list of allrequired responsibilities ,  duties and skills .  other duties may be added ,  or this description amended at any time qualifications  education and experience   qualified candidates will complete their advanced degree  ( i . e .  mba )  within the next 12 months   degree studies one or more of following areas  real estate ,  facilities ,  business ,  finance ,  project management ,  architecture ,  construction management ,  sustainability ,  and engineering job  administration     
 we are seeking   a talented designer with print and web design chops that’s fearless and willing to tackle a wide variety of projects .  this role demands both the traditional skills of a print designer  ( composition & typography )  and a solid understanding of basic web technologies  ( html ,  css ,  and cmss )  .   extra credit   goes to those candidates with a familiarity in video production or ping pong prowess .  this is a solid opportunity for anyone looking to gain experience working in a high - energy software company .   the daily grind   web  ·         work with internal groups to produce content and design new pages for vertica . com and my . vertica . com as needed .   ·         create forms ,  web banners ,  infographics ,  and other supporting materials to supplement existing pages .   ·         make general site updates as new content and programs are produced—content ranges from news articles and blog posts to white papers ,  data sheets and other resources .   ·         facilitate a / b testing with new graphics and page redesigns .   print  ·         work with product marketing team to layout and produce print collateral using appropriate brand approved templates .   ·         support our events coordinator in designing tradeshow collateral ,  including advertisements ,  brochures ,  and posters .   presentations  ·         work with product marketing and executive team to create corporate slide decks that tell the story of hp vertica .   ·         design imagery and infographics that simplify messaging .   who we are   hp vertica is the leading provider of next - generation analytics platforms enabling customers to monetize all of their data .  vertica’s elasticity ,  scale ,  performance ,  and simplicity are unparalleled in the industry ,  delivering 50x - 1000x the performance of traditional solutions at 30% the total cost of ownership .  vertica’s analytics platform provides organizations with a robust solution for organizing big data on a massive scale in real time and powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally .  vertica powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally including zynga ,  groupon ,  twitter ,  verizon ,  guess inc .  ,  admeld ,  capital iq ,  mozilla ,  at&t ,  and comcast .          education and experience required   bachelors degree 1st year of master s program completed     
 hp s personal computing organization is developing multimedia technologies and software that will enable exciting new experiences in future generations of computing devices .   we are seeking a motivated student in computer science or a related discipline to join a team of multimedia researchers and software developers in bringing novel new experiences to life through multimedia technology .   in this position ,  you will work closely with other team members to evaluate and optimize multimedia technologies and demonstrate new capabilties and experiences based on these technologies .   candidates should have a keen sense of curiousity ,  interest in digital multimedia ,  and an ability to see tasks to completion .   windows programming knowledge and experience with multimedia software such as photoshop are a major plus .          education and experience required   candidates should possess the following    -  a high school diploma   -  at least two years of university experience ,  with a major in a technical field   -  knowledge and experience in software development   -  strong written and oral communications skills   -  interest and experience in digital multimedia     
 title  intern global supply chain systems developer / engineer intern location  united states - georgia - alpharetta other locations  united states - texas - houston ,  united states - texas - austin ,  united states - california - roseville job number  1194943 about hp hp is the world  s largest provider of information technology infrastructure ,  software ,  services and solutions to individuals and organizations of all sizes .  ranked 10 on the fortune 500 list for 2012 ,  hp bring together a portfolio to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries on six continents .  hp invest ,  engineers and delivers technology solutions that drive business value ,  create social value ,  and improve the lives of our clients .  at hp ,  we live for the big idea ,  the next great discover .    invent   is more than a word  it  s who we are .  our innovations in the key strategic areas of big data ,  cloud ,  mobility ,  and security help shape the technology industry .  everything we do ,  we do to make technology more practical ,  usable ,  and valuable to our customers .  are you ready to give your career the boost it deserves ?  introduction to role  as an it developer ,  you will join an industry - leading organization and get engaged in the full lifecycle development of business applications and / or information systems solutions for internal hp customers .  you will have the opportunity to work with a global engineering team on analysis of business requirements ,  coding of modifications or new programs ,  creation of documentation ,  testing and maintenance of applications ,  infrastructure ,  and information systems including database management systems .  aligning with hp  s technical career path ,  hp offers you both vertical and horizontal growth in engineering ,  it and services .  qualifications  key responsibilities  required    must be currently pursuing a bachelor  s ,  master  s or phd degree in computer science ,  software engineering ,  computer engineering ,  information systems ,  industrial engineering ,  or related fields .    software programming knowledge of and / or experience with one or more of the following  independent code line over 20 , 000 ,  java ,  java script ,  c ,  c  ,  c# ,  vb . net   application development knowledge of and / or experience with databases such as sql server ,  oracle ,  mysql ,  and experience with linux shell script and windows programming   test engineering knowledge of and / or experience with qtp and / or loadrunner testing tools   ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions   passion for technology   eager ,  quick learner with strong team - work spirit   excellent oral and written english communication skills desired    prior internship experience   leadership experience at university   basic knowledge of mobile device development ,  application solution delivery ,  erp  ( such as sap )  ,  business intelligence and testing service solutions   basic knowledge of web development tools   familiar with cloud application deployment methods   able to perform in a fast - paced ,  demanding environment   supply chain knowledge job  information technology     
 join a leader .  consult with us .  help build a smarter planet along the way .   at ibm global business services public sector ,  we serve government ,  healthcare ,  education ,  and state and local clients through our business analytics & optimization ,  finance & risk ,  strategy & innovation ,  operations & supply chain management ,  organization & people ,  application innovation services  ( application development / design & systems integration )  ,  and enterprise applications  ( sap & oracle )  service lines .  through cutting edge service offerings ,  we deliver real business value by     bringing together the world’s largest consulting practice with industry - leading research capability .     enriching business and government consulting with advanced research ,  analytics and technology .     establishing new ,  flexible and iterative approaches that only ibm can offer through our unique combination of skills ,  experience and capabilities .     leveraging proven roadmaps and frameworks we have developed across our 17 industries .     applying ibm s global expertise and local capabilities through our unique global delivery network combined with our teams in over 170 countries .     providing an integrated approach to business design and execution—turning strategies into actions .   these strengths ,  applied to government ,  healthcare ,  and education issues and opportunities ,  give our clients not only the ability to anticipate change ,  but also to take advantage of new possibilities .   what will you do as an entry - level business analytics consultant ?   as an entry - level business analytics consultant ,  you will use your analytical and technical skills to help our clients turn information into intelligence that enables smarter ,  collaborative ,  fact - based decisions ,  improves productivity and efficiency ,  and drives results .  you will also have the opportunity to join consulting by degrees — our world - class leadership and development program designed to provide the full - spectrum of structured training ,  development ,  and practical experience necessary to successfully launch and accelerate your career .  you will contribute right away to top - tier clients in collaboration with smart people in a dynamic team environment .  you will work on projects that help clients integrate strategy ,  process ,  technology ,  and information to increase effectiveness ,  reduce costs ,  promote accountability ,  and optimize performance .  you will have an opportunity to build a powerful portfolio of interesting and rewarding experiences .  you can take advantage of opportunities to master new skills ,  work across different disciplines and move into new challenges .  you can do all of this at ibm  -  -  a company that is at the forefront of tackling the grand challenges that affect our society ,  such as climate change ,  energy production ,  traffic congestion and health care .   what do we look for in a successful entry - level business analytics consultant ?     demonstrated experience in math ,  statistics ,  computer science ,  data analysis ,  and / or other analytics related fields    strong leadership and adaptability ,  with willingness to readily and voluntarily take ownership of highly challenging tasks and problems ,  even beyond initial scope of responsibility    thorough and analytical ,  with capability to apply logic to solving problems    ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently and meet deadlines ,  while maintaining focus despite conflicting demands    drive to overcome the most challenging or difficult obstacles and look for ways to improve results    initiative to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills    effective interpersonal skills with ability to collaborate and team with others    ability to communicate complex situations clearly and simply by listening actively and conveying difficult messages in a positive manner    a passion for innovative ideas ,  coupled with the ability to understand and assimilate different points of view  ( 2252 )   required   high school diploma / ged   readiness to travel up to 4 days a week  ( home on weekends - based on project requirements )    u . s .  citizenship required   english  fluent  additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .   consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .   consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .          additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .   consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .      
 all applicants must be registered full time students to apply .   this is an ibm intern position .  our transformation ,  talent & learning  ( tt&l )  team works to enable individual performance and organizational effectiveness of ibm marketing & communications .  our priorities for 2013 - 2014 include  recruiting ,  hiring ,  and on - boarding  building capabilities  and engaging leaders & teams .  the intern will work directly with the tt&l leader to support the priorities .   sample tasks include  ( but are not limited to )     develop communications & messaging using social media    analyze data and interview employees and executives to identify talent requirements & gaps    conduct research to identify internal and external practices and develop cross - company standards and guidance    apply learning to recommend strategies to improve performance and effectiveness of ibm marketing & communications preferred majors of study  organizational development ,  business ,  marketing ,  communications  required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in social media tools   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree in advertising / journalism / media studies  additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in advertising / journalism / media studies   additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .       additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .      
 this position is for graduates who have completed or are pursuing their first year of study .   the websphere brand is looking for a passionate ,  results - oriented marketing intern .  this internship will provide content creation ,  go - to - market support ,  sales and pipeline support ,  and competitive positioning for all aspects of the portfolio .  you will work closely with sales  product management  and cross - ibm marketing teams  and the program and geo teams  to help develop and execute a marketing strategy .   the role is focused on several areas that relate to marketing and pipeline progression ,  including   -  developing outbound value propositions ,  messaging ,  content ,  materials and reusable marketing  -  assets to drive awareness and pipeline  -  executing on launches ,  campaigns ,  tactics and other coordinated efforts to deliver the value proposition to customers and prospects in an effective and persuasive manner  -  partnering with sales to assist with pipeline progression and help ensure consistently high yield from existing leads .   the ideal candidate has strong marketing experience  is adept at learning and understanding technology  has a deep understanding of how technology can be applied to solve business challenges  and has strong skills in developing oral and written content and presentations .   required   bachelor s degree   readiness to travel 10% travel annually   english  fluent  preferred   master s degree in business / management  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   master s degree in business / management     
 this role performs varying degrees of problem determination and resolution of desktop hardware and software problems through the effective use of available technical resources ,  per contracted service level agreements .  they may also perform installs ,  moves ,  adds and change  ( imac )  activities ,  as well as data backup and restore on certain accounts ,  for clients .  they are responsible for resolving problems and performing imacs within service level agreement objectives  ( sla )  ,  and completing all related administrative duties .  as the main interface to the client ,  they need to understand the local and regional infrastructure and key contacts in the other competencies ,  i . e .  network team ,  server admin ,  etc .  ,  in order to ensure that the proper team is aware of ,  and taking action on the problem .  strong client communication and business skills are therefore needed since direct client interaction is often required .  accordingly ,  they have a direct impact on client satisfaction ,  and therefore ,  need to understand their account / site environment .  responsibilities include  resolve client hardware / software pc problem tickets .  a technical knowledge of the supported platform is required as well as a working knowledge of the hardware .  resolve tickets within the client sla and obtain a high client satisfaction rating .  good communication skills are required .   required   high school diploma / ged   at least 6 months experience in software and hardware skills ,  deskside support   u . s .  citizenship required   english  basic knowledge  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .      
 as part of our continuous transformation ,  ibm global business services  ( gbs )  has established a global cloud services practice to meet the consulting demands of today’s rapidly changing market .  we are looking for technical leaders in the salesforce . com space .  in this role ,  you will use your knowledge and experience related to creating global salesforce . com solutions ,  enterprise technical design ,  best practices and implementation of the salesforce . com suite of products to enterprise clients .  the candidate is expected to have strong core consulting skills combined with leading salesforce . com technical competency and enterprise implementation experience with all core salesforce . com tools ,  offerings and products .   ( 2252 )  qualified candidates should have the following capabilities     salesforce . com certifications  ( sales ,  service ,  marketing ,  force . com )    experience working in and leading complex ,  enterprise ,  global salesforce . com implementations   experience leading technical teams ,  coordinating technical efforts and serving as focal point for all technical issues on a project   strong client facing communication skills with it departments and business users   enterprise solutioning experience for large clients   experience with agile ,  scrum and waterfall methods  75% travel required ibm global business services   -  help make the world work smarter .  the world is getting smarter ,  triggering unprecedented change .  ibm s unparalleled ability to bring together deep business insight ,  advanced research ,  analytics ,  and technology enables ibm global business services to help position its clients for the future .  whether through proven roadmaps and frameworks developed across 17 industries or the unique combination of skills and experiences of our teams in 170 countries ,  ibm s unmatched capabilities deliver real business value to our clients .  as an industry leader ,  our 100 years of experience and know - how has taught us we must continually transform and grow our company and our people .  when you join the world s leading and largest consulting organization ,  you ll experience this commitment first hand through resources that only a global leader like ibm can provide  access to a vast and diverse network of talented professionals  enjoy unparalleled career opportunities  be provided with ongoing training and education that you ll need to succeed  and work on some of the most interesting projects on the planet ,  helping everyone from organizations to local governments ,  work smarter .  75% travel required .   required   bachelor s degree   at least 1 year experience in sfdc architecture ,  apex  ,  visual force ,  triggers ,  classes   at least 1 year experience in salesforce . com web services ,  wsdl and other integration methods newly introduced in sfdc   readiness to travel up to 4 days a week  ( home on weekends - based on project requirements )    english  intermediate  preferred   at least 3 years experience in sfdc architecture ,  apex  ,  visual force ,  triggers ,  classes   at least 3 years experience in integrating with external applications using soa  /  esb technologies   at least 3 years experience in salesforce . com web services ,  wsdl and other integration methods newly introduced in sfdc   at least 3 years experience in implementing advanced formulas and workflow rules to enforce business processes   at least 2 years experience in agile ,  scrum and waterfall methods   certified in salesforce . com including force . com   english   fluent  additional information to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .  to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .  please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system ,  ibm employees ,  or send to any ibm company location .  ibm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   at least 3 years experience in sfdc architecture ,  apex  ,  visual force ,  triggers ,  classes   at least 3 years experience in integrating with external applications using soa  /  esb technologies   at least 3 years experience in salesforce . com web services ,  wsdl and other integration methods newly introduced in sfdc   at least 3 years experience in implementing advanced formulas and workflow rules to enforce business processes   at least 2 years experience in agile ,  scrum and waterfall methods   certified in salesforce . com including force . com   english   fluent   additional information to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .  to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .  please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system ,  ibm employees ,  or send to any ibm company location .  ibm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes .       additional information to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .  to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .  please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system ,  ibm employees ,  or send to any ibm company location .  ibm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes .      
 applicant must be enrolled as a full time undergraduate or graduate student willing to work 20 hours  /  week .  this is a paid internship .   intern is responsible for providing support for the development and execution of worldwide internal sales communications for the ibm cloud & smarter infrastructure  ( c&si )  brand .   the communications intern will assist in a range of projects and tasks including    support the creation ,  editing ,  and distribution of the global c&si vice president of sales internal communications and newsletters    support sales enablement communications    creating presentations on behalf of sales leadership  ( as needed )   required    excellent written and verbal communication skills    strong background with ms office – especially word tables    photoshop experience  candidate chosen should be able to work remotely ,  be detailed oriented ,  and will also require a willingness to learn    ibm lotus notes  ( how to format in notes  -  build tables ,  etc )  ,     ibm connections  ( upload files ,  and potentially post communications )  ,     unica  ( email campaign tracker to distribute )   required   high school diploma / ged   at least 6 months experience in photoshop   at least 6 months experience in writing  /  editing   at least 1 year experience in ms office  ( specifically word tables )    english  fluent  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       required   high school diploma / ged   at least 6 months experience in photoshop   at least 6 months experience in writing  /  editing   at least 1 year experience in ms office  ( specifically word tables )    english  fluent     
 trusteer ,  an ibm company ,  is the global leader in endpoint cybercrime prevention .  trusteer products stop the root cause of data breaches and fraud losses  the compromise of employee and customer endpoints by advanced malware and phishing attacks .   as a security software sales representative ,  you are responsible for developing solutions address the client s business needs and deliver client value .  you will be responsible for opportunity identification ,  forecasting ,  sales execution and customer satisfaction .  you will work to create solutions which are tailored to client’s business needs and integrate the ibm capabilities in a way that is valued by the customer and superior to the competition .  you are also responsible for developing and maintaining strong relationships with executives and influencers in the it and line - of - business organizations in these accounts .  you will navigate ibm to identify and acquire critical resources needed to develop the best solution for the client ,  while applying ibm brand strategies and offerings ,  methods and models ,  to ensure world - class design and delivery .   further responsibilities   - target the largest financial institutions in your territory and develop extensive knowledge of these accounts – key contacts ,  business needs ,  existing fraud prevention tools ,  competitive environment ,  gaps and requirements ,  budgeting and buying processes .   - introduce trusteer solutions to key buyers / influencers and establish trusted relationships .   - manage complex sales process ,  from initial meeting through procurement and contract signing .   - explain ibm / trusteer value proposition through presentation ,  email ,  and verbal communications .   - be fluent in core ibm solution capabilities and competitive environment .   - track and report on all activities though the sales automation system .   - manage pipeline and provide reliable forecast .   key attributes   - trusted relationships with line of business ,  online / mobile banking ,  and information security executives .   - self - driven ,  energetic ,  creative problem - solver ,  with a   hunter   mentality ,  able to prospect new opportunities ,  with a natural nurturing instinct ,  able to build trusted ,  long - lasting customer relationships .   - strong prospecting ,  qualifying ,  closing and managing skills .   - impressive presentation and communication skills with the ability to influence ,  persuade ,  and negotiate at all levels to achieve win - win situations .   - experience selling within matrix environments .   required   at least 3 years experience in software sales ,  tech sales or pre - sales   at least 3 years experience in and executive relationships in one or more financial segments  retail and business banking ,  private wealth management ,  investment banking ,  brokerage ,  processor / merchant acquirer .    at least 2 years experience in selling complex solutions to information security officers ,  online and mobile banking application owners ,  and line of business leaders   readiness to travel 25% travel annually   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 3 years experience in fraud solution sales  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 3 years experience in fraud solution sales     
 all applicants must be registered full time students to apply .   the cfo organization at ibm finance operates as a values driven team and trusted business advisors to the business operations .  we play an integral role in driving key business decisions ,  supporting operations ,  and influencing business results .   we are currently seeking to fill six month co - op positions from january – june 2014 in both ibm accounting and financial planning .  as an ibm co - op ,  you will be exposed to all aspects of the business and all the basic functions of the company .  you will be able to interact with your colleagues in other locations .  in the process ,  you will gain an understanding of the business and what makes it work .  specific roles and responsibilities will vary with the individual positions ,  however ,  you will be expected to analyze and interpret complex data and work on financial analysis / reporting .  candidate must be full time student pursuing a bachelors degree in accounting ,  finance ,  economics ,  operations management .   required   at least 6 months experience in microsoft excel  /  microsoft office suite  ( include coursework )    english  fluent  preferred   accounting / finance   at least 6 months experience in oral and written communication ,  leadership skills  additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   accounting / finance   at least 6 months experience in oral and written communication ,  leadership skills   additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .       additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .      
 all applicants must be registered full time students to apply .  the cfo organization at ibm finance operates as a values driven team and trusted business advisors to the business operations .  we play an integral role in driving key business decisions ,  supporting operations ,  and influencing business results .  throughout your career in ibm ,  you could potentially perform assignments in a range of functions including ,  accounting ,  financial planning ,  pricing ,  business controls ,  treasury ,  tax ,  business development  ( acquisitions & divestitures )  ,  and global financing .  as a trusted advisor ,  you ll have the opportunity to demonstrate business judgment ,  leadership ,  creativity ,  decision making skills ,  and integrity .   we are currently seeking to fill six month mba co - op positions from january  -  june 2014 in financial planning .  specific roles and responsibilities will vary with the individual position  however ,  you will be expected to analyze and interpret complex data ,  use statistical and quantitative analysis and predictive models to drive decisions and actions and work on financial analysis / reporting .   if you have a passion for the information technology industry and are determined to achieve long term success at ibm ,  we invite you to apply . candidate must be full time student pursuing an mba degree in accounting ,  finance ,  economics ,  operations management .   required   bachelor s degree   at least 6 months experience in statistical and quantitative analysis and predictive models  ( include class coursework )    at least 6 months experience in microsoft excel  /  microsoft office suite  ( include coursework )    english  fluent  preferred   accounting / finance   at least 6 months experience in oral and written communication ,  leadership skills  additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   accounting / finance   at least 6 months experience in oral and written communication ,  leadership skills   additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .       additional information ibm relies on dedicated teams of professionals who develop and maintain our world - class global business operations in 170 countries ,  helping us identify trends and plan for the future .  within ibm s corporate staff organizations ,  you will find the heart of our globally integrated enterprise organizations .  ibm corporate headquarters could be the place for you if you have interest or skills in finance ,  human resources ,  marketing and communications ,  legal and regulatory affairs or enterprise transformation and are intrigued by work that transcends all of ibm s various business organizations .      
 ibm / tealeaf is a recognized leader in customer experience management with world - class clients that read as a who s - who of internet commerce in financial services ,  retail ,  manufacturing and travel .  tealeaf cx solutions enable companies to ensure the success of their customer’s web or mobile interactions ,  which is enabled by tealeaf’s unmatched visibility into the real - time customer experience .   exciting sales opportunity responsible for developing tealeaf specific solutions that address client’s business needs  ( both industry and business )  and deliver client value while supporting brand - specific business strategies .  you will work to create solutions which are tailored to client’s business needs and integrate the ibm / tealeaf capabilities in a way that is valued by the customer and superior to the competition .  in this role ,  it is essential that you are able to apply industry - specific knowledge and experience to bring new business and technology insights to assigned clients .   key responsibilities  • achieve / exceed quarterly and annual revenue quotas on a consistent basis  implement sales / marketing tactics and programs in order to meet or exceed assigned territory objectives .  • identify and effectively qualify sales leads  maintain a sales revenue pipeline equivalent to at least 3 times quota as measured via salesforce . com .  • develop and execute on sales / business plans to achieve quarterly sales / business objectives  provide accurate and timely reports / forecasts .  • develop business solutions that solve customer application integrity problems through the use of tealeaf s patented software .  • identify and qualify prospective customers and penetrate targeted prospects in assigned geographical territory .  • develop a team selling approach and act as a liaison between tealeaf s customers and pre - sales technical specialists ,  inside sales and the customer service organization .  • develop and implement a regional sales plan in conjunction with tealeaf s solution selling methodology .  • manage prospect and customer accounts to achieve expedient purchase decisions .  • track all sales activity through the sales automation system .   key attributes  • solid business acumen / ability to position solution roi • ability to build consistent new revenue pipeline • self starter • commitment to stay current with industry / sector trends • ability to articulate ,  define and execute creative strategies to grow the tealeaf business and reach new markets • ability to interface within a multi - brand sales organization • executive level sales • an outstanding ability to understand business problems ,  position and articulate a vision with a corresponding solution to improve customer’s business processes and performance .   required   at least 3 years experience in enterprise software sales   at least 2 years experience in business intelligence ,  content management ,  customer relationship management or other web application   at least 2 years experience in consultative selling and account and customer relationship development at senior levels   readiness to travel 10% travel annually   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 5 years experience in customer experience management   at least 3 years experience in managing complex sales processes with a mix of transactional and strategic opportunities   at least 1 year experience in one or more of the following industries financial services ,  retail ,  manufacturing or travel  additional information candidates should reside in san francisco ,  oakland or san jose ,  ca  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 5 years experience in customer experience management   at least 3 years experience in managing complex sales processes with a mix of transactional and strategic opportunities   at least 1 year experience in one or more of the following industries financial services ,  retail ,  manufacturing or travel   additional information candidates should reside in san francisco ,  oakland or san jose ,  ca      additional information candidates should reside in san francisco ,  oakland or san jose ,  ca     
 join a leader .  consult with us .  help build a smarter planet along the way .   at ibm global business services public sector ,  we serve government ,  healthcare ,  education ,  and state and local clients through our application innovation services  ( application development / design & systems integration )  ,  business analytics & optimization ,  finance & risk ,  strategy & innovation ,  supply chain management ,  organization & people ,  and enterprise applications  ( sap & oracle )  service lines .  through cutting edge service offerings ,  we deliver real business value by     bringing together the world’s largest consulting practice with industry - leading research capability .     enriching business and government consulting with advanced research ,  analytics and technology .     establishing new ,  flexible and iterative approaches that only ibm can offer through our unique combination of skills ,  experience and capabilities .     leveraging proven roadmaps and frameworks we have developed across our 17 industries .     applying ibm s global expertise and local capabilities through our unique global delivery network combined with our teams in over 170 countries .     providing an integrated approach to business design and execution—turning strategies into actions .   these strengths ,  applied to government ,  healthcare ,  and education issues and opportunities ,  give our clients not only the ability to anticipate change ,  but also to take advantage of new possibilities .   what will you do as an entry - level it specialist consultant ?   as an entry - level it specialist consultant ,  you will join our application innovation services practice area and use your programming ,  security ,  networking ,  systems administration ,  and / or project management skills to help design ,  develop ,  and integrate solutions using the best tools ,  techniques ,  and products our clients demand today .  you will also have the opportunity to join consulting by degrees — our world - class leadership and development program designed to provide the full - spectrum of structured training ,  development ,  and practical experience necessary to successfully launch and accelerate your career .  you will contribute right away to top - tier clients in collaboration with smart people in a dynamic team environment .  you will work on projects that help clients integrate strategy ,  process ,  technology ,  and information to increase effectiveness ,  reduce costs ,  promote accountability ,  and optimize performance .  you will have an opportunity to build a powerful portfolio of interesting and rewarding experiences .  you can take advantage of opportunities to master new skills ,  work across different disciplines and move into new challenges .  you can do all of this at ibm  -  -  a company that is at the forefront of tackling the grand challenges that affect our society ,  such as climate change ,  energy production ,  traffic congestion and health care .   what do we look for in a successful entry - level it specialist consultant ?     demonstrated experience in programming with java ,  j2ee ,   . net ,  c++ ,  and / or other related languages ,  systems design / development ,  information assurance ,  and information technology    strong leadership and adaptability ,  with willingness to readily and voluntarily take ownership of highly challenging tasks and problems ,  even beyond initial scope of responsibility    thorough and analytical ,  with capability to apply logic to solving problems    ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently and meet deadlines ,  while maintaining focus despite conflicting demands    initiative to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills    effective interpersonal skills with ability to collaborate and team with others    a passion for innovative ideas ,  coupled with the ability to understand and assimilate different points of view  ( 2252 )   required   high school diploma / ged   readiness to travel up to 4 days a week  ( home on weekends - based on project requirements )    u . s .  citizenship required   english  fluent  additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .  it specialist consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .  it specialist consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .          additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .  it specialist consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .      
 join a leader .  consult with us .  help build a smarter planet along the way .   at ibm global business services public sector ,  we serve government ,  healthcare ,  education ,  and state and local clients through our business analytics & optimization ,  finance & risk ,  strategy & innovation ,  operations & supply chain management ,  organization & people ,  application innovation services  ( application development / design & systems integration )  ,  and enterprise applications  ( sap & oracle )  service lines .  through cutting edge service offerings ,  we deliver real business value by     bringing together the world’s largest consulting practice with industry - leading research capability .     enriching business and government consulting with advanced research ,  analytics and technology .     establishing new ,  flexible and iterative approaches that only ibm can offer through our unique combination of skills ,  experience and capabilities .     leveraging proven roadmaps and frameworks we have developed across our 17 industries .     applying ibm s global expertise and local capabilities through our unique global delivery network combined with our teams in over 170 countries .     providing an integrated approach to business design and execution—turning strategies into actions .   these strengths ,  applied to government ,  healthcare ,  and education issues and opportunities ,  give our clients not only the ability to anticipate change ,  but also to take advantage of new possibilities .   what will you do as an entry - level business analytics consultant ?   as an entry - level business analytics consultant ,  you will use your analytical and technical skills to help our clients turn information into intelligence that enables smarter ,  collaborative ,  fact - based decisions ,  improves productivity and efficiency ,  and drives results .  you will also have the opportunity to join consulting by degrees — our world - class leadership and development program designed to provide the full - spectrum of structured training ,  development ,  and practical experience necessary to successfully launch and accelerate your career .  you will contribute right away to top - tier clients in collaboration with smart people in a dynamic team environment .  you will work on projects that help clients integrate strategy ,  process ,  technology ,  and information to increase effectiveness ,  reduce costs ,  promote accountability ,  and optimize performance .  you will have an opportunity to build a powerful portfolio of interesting and rewarding experiences .  you can take advantage of opportunities to master new skills ,  work across different disciplines and move into new challenges .  you can do all of this at ibm  -  -  a company that is at the forefront of tackling the grand challenges that affect our society ,  such as climate change ,  energy production ,  traffic congestion and health care .   what do we look for in a successful entry - level business analytics consultant ?     demonstrated experience in math ,  statistics ,  computer science ,  data analysis ,  and / or other analytics related fields    strong leadership and adaptability ,  with willingness to readily and voluntarily take ownership of highly challenging tasks and problems ,  even beyond initial scope of responsibility    thorough and analytical ,  with capability to apply logic to solving problems    ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently and meet deadlines ,  while maintaining focus despite conflicting demands    drive to overcome the most challenging or difficult obstacles and look for ways to improve results    initiative to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills    effective interpersonal skills with ability to collaborate and team with others    ability to communicate complex situations clearly and simply by listening actively and conveying difficult messages in a positive manner    a passion for innovative ideas ,  coupled with the ability to understand and assimilate different points of view  ( 2252 )   required   high school diploma / ged   readiness to travel up to 4 days a week  ( home on weekends - based on project requirements )    u . s .  citizenship required   english  fluent  additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .   consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .   consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .          additional information are you an ibmer ?  join us as we enter a new era in public sector consulting .  work with us as we build smarter government ,  education ,  and healthcare ,  and help make the world a smarter planet .   consultants hired into public sector must be us citizens ,  and must be local or willing to relocate to the washington ,  dc metro area .  while most projects are local to the dc metro area ,  you must be willing to travel if needed .  additional work locations may be available on a project - by - project basis .      
 join a leader .  consult with us .  help build a smarter planet along the way .   everyday ,  the world becomes exponentially more interconnected ,  digitized and data - aware .  the world is getting smarter ,  triggering unprecedented change .  yesterday’s business models no longer equip organizations to capitalize on this change .   at ibm global business services we partner with our clients to deliver real business value by…  • bringing together the world’s largest consulting practice with industry -  leading research capability .  • enriching business consulting with advanced research ,  analytics and technology .  • teaming on all phases of engagement to plan ,  build ,  and implement advanced business solutions .  • establishing new ,  flexible and iterative approaches that only ibm can offer through our unique combination of skills ,  experience and capabilities .  • leveraging the proven roadmaps and frameworks we have developed across our 17 industries .  • applying ibm s global expertise and local capabilities through our unique global delivery network combined with our teams in over 170 countries .    providing our clients with an integrated approach to business design and execution ,  turning strategies into actions .   what will you do as an ibm gbs consultant ?  as an entry level consultant ,  you will have the opportunity to join consulting by degrees — our world - class leadership and development program designed to provide the full - spectrum of structured training ,  development ,  and practical experience necessary to successfully launch and accelerate your career .  you will contribute right away to top - tier clients in collaboration with smart people in a dynamic team environment .  you will work on projects that help clients integrate strategy ,  process ,  technology and information to increase effectiveness ,  reduce costs and improve profit and shareholder value .  you will have an opportunity to build a powerful portfolio of interesting and rewarding experiences .  you can take advantage of opportunities to master new skills ,  work across different disciplines and move into new challenges .   all at ibm ,  a company that is at the forefront of tackling the grand challenges that affect our society ,  such as climate change ,  energy production ,  traffic congestion and health care .   come see why others have felt that no other entry - level opportunity gives such exposure in the business world .  are you an ibmer ?   what do we look for in a successful consultant at ibm ?  • strong leadership and adaptability ,  with willingness to readily and voluntarily take ownership of highly challenging tasks and problems ,  even beyond initial scope of responsibility • thorough and analytical ,  with capability to apply logic to solve problems • ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently and meet deadlines ,  while maintaining focus despite conflicting demands • drive to overcome the most challenging or difficult obstacles and look for ways to improve results • initiative to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills • effective interpersonal skills with ability to collaborate and work effectively with individuals ,  strengthening relationships to achieve win - win solutions • ability to communicate complex situations clearly and simply by listening actively and conveying difficult messages in a positive manner • a passion for innovative ideas ,  coupled with the ability to understand and assimilate different points of view  basic / required qualifications   • high school diploma • willingness and ability to travel up to 4 days a week  ( home on weekends – based on project requirements )  • reside within a reasonable commuting distance  ( generally 50 miles or less )  of one of the following cities  atlanta  ( ga )  ,  boston  ( ma )  ,  chicago  ( il )  ,  columbus  ( oh )  ,  houston  ( tx )  ,  new york  ( ny )  and metro area ,  philadelphia  ( pa )  ,  washington  ( dc )  and metro area .  limited opportunities are available in san francisco  ( ca )  .   ( 2252 )   required   high school diploma / ged   readiness to travel up to 4 days a week  ( home on weekends - based on project requirements )    english  basic knowledge  preferred   english   intermediate  additional information to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .  to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   english   intermediate   additional information to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .  to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .       additional information to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .  to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .      
 since 2008 ,  the new ibm is helping companies build a smarter plant .  our team is working towards that vision by helping organizations protect their data with the next generation products we creating .  we are seeking smart and passionate software developers ,  web developers ,  designers ,  and testers to help build this vision .   for developers & testers ,  the ideal candidate will have skills    strong software engineering fundamentals    java / j2ee ,  javascript ,  html ,  jsp ,  css ,  c / c++ ,  dojo ,  jquery    web services – especially soap ,  rest ,  wsdl ,  xml - rpc    operating systems  windows ,  linux ,  unix    communication and problem solving skills    teaming and self - motivation    creativity and innovation  for designers     proficiency with ai ,  fireworks ,  and pshop    interpret people s needs ,  present design concepts ,  and effectively communicate    proficiency with editors ,  document authoring tools ,  and cms    create technical drawings for presentations and user interface specifications    understand limitations of web technologies including  html ,  flash / flex ,  css and dojo    a passion to deliver emotionally satisfying ux and ucd    a design portfolio is required to be considered !   required   high school diploma / ged   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering     
   no remote work available ,  candidates are expected to work on site in east lansing ,  michigan .      ibm is seeking entry level applicants in the michigan area with majors in computer science and other related fields who are interested in working along side some of the best it professionals in the industry .  computer programming experience or demonstrated technical aptitude obtained either through relevant coursework or work - related activities in any of the following  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net .  some travel expected .   candidate must have the ability to work in the united state without a current or future need for visa sponsorship .  as an entry level application developer ,  responsibilities include  providing it services in a billable project / engagement .   as an individual contributor or member of a team ,  performs a technical role in support of the solution construction ,  implementation ,  and system integration in a technology / industry specialty or product sales .  the entry level application developer assists in delivery of high quality solutions to clients in response to specific business requirements .  develops technical skills and absorbs professional knowledge quickly .  performs assigned technical tasks including study ,  analysis ,  programming ,  product installation .  the entry level application developer has some specific product ,  technology ,  or industry - related specialized skills and works with proposals ,  requirements ,  designs ,  implementations and production projects / engagements .  may use tools to analyze and implement portions of a customer solution .   performs a variety of responsibilities including supporting solution construction ,  implementation ,  and system integration in a technology / industry specialty or product sales .  services may also include assisting in the delivery of high quality solutions to clients in response to specific business requirements .   the ibm services center in east lansing occupies a unique position in the it market  -  -  at the intersection of business and technology .  this global delivery center provides services to leading - edge clients who are looking for a unique ,  u . s .  - based capability to design ,  develop ,  and support their mission - critical applications .  ibm s services center in east lansing is a strategic delivery center location that is poised for significant growth over the next few years .  as a member of our team ,  you ll help clients solve some of their most challenging business and technology problems ,  capitalize on market opportunities ,  and achieve real value in today s challenging economy .  join us .   interested in learning more about ibm ?  check out the ibm global careers newsletter .    ( 2252 )   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in computer programming or demonstrated technical aptitude obtained through either relevant coursework or work - related activities   basic knowledge in object oriented programming   basic knowledge in capabilities in any of the following computer programming technologies  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net   english  intermediate  preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 6 months experience in computer programming or demonstrated technical aptitude obtained through either relevant coursework or work - related activities   at least 6 months experience in object oriented programming   at least 6 months experience in capabilities in any of the following computer programming technologies  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net  additional information  note regarding travel  the ibm services center in east lansing is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from our center .  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 6 months experience in computer programming or demonstrated technical aptitude obtained through either relevant coursework or work - related activities   at least 6 months experience in object oriented programming   at least 6 months experience in capabilities in any of the following computer programming technologies  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net   additional information  note regarding travel  the ibm services center in east lansing is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from our center .  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .       additional information  note regarding travel  the ibm services center in east lansing is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from our center .  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .      
 mechanical development engineer  design and develop advanced computer system hardware from concept through market introduction .  specific responsibilities include the design of electronic packaging assemblies ,  mechanical mechanisms ,  cooling design ,  in addition to these responsibilities ,  this position requires the ability to closely collaborate with multi - disciplined design teams to deliver integrated server systems .  .  3d cad design tool experience ,  such as pro - engineer or catia is preferred .  candidates will be expected to be flexible ,  communicate effectively and collaborate well with other engineering disciplines ,  manufacturing operations and service personnel .   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in mechanical engineering   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering     
 we have immediate opportunities for forward thinking application development specialists with a passion for growth and innovation .  degrees and / or equivalent work experience with a focus in computer science ,  engineering and mathematics are highly desired .   the newly launched ibm services center  baton rouge will employ experienced professionals and entry - level hires .  http  /  / www . ibmlouisiana . com .  .  .  /   mission of ibm services center  baton rouge the rapid and widespread adoption of mobile and social technologies within the last three years has changed the way customers and companies interact with one another – driving fundamental transformations to business processes and applications .  the ibm services center  baton rouge will provide ibm’s clients in the united states with services that address the increasing demand for flexible software services to keep up with big data ,  cloud and mobile requirements that they are facing .  as an employee of the ibm services center  baton rouge ,  you will deliver technology services including application development ,  application management and system integration to some of the nation s top organizations .  ibm is seeking application development specialists – java in the louisiana area interested in working next to some of the best it professionals in the industry .   in this job role you ll be responsible for performing a variety of technical duties including application programming ,  analysis ,  testing and product installation to deliver high quality application solutions to clients .  tasks performed require integrating hardware ,  software packages and network solutions ,  including highly complex application components and reusable objects residing on multiple platforms .  applicants should also be specialists who primarily apply their technical skills in an internal or external customer billable services ,  and implementation ,  environment .   candidate must have the ability to work in the united states without a current or future need for visa sponsorship .   successful candidates for these positions will work onsite at the ibm services center  baton rouge .  no remote opportunities exist .   be a part of making the world more instrumented ,  interconnected  -  and intelligent .  join us .   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in programming languages ,  methodologies and object oriented programming  ( ex .  java ,  j2ee c++ ,  etc )    basic knowledge in development tools  ( ex .  ide’s ,  debuggers ,  code repositories )    english  intermediate  preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering  additional information note regarding travel  the ibm services center is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from baton rouge ,  la .  however ,  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering   additional information note regarding travel  the ibm services center is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from baton rouge ,  la .  however ,  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .       additional information note regarding travel  the ibm services center is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from baton rouge ,  la .  however ,  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .      
 we have immediate opportunities for forward thinking application development specialists with a passion for growth and innovation .  degrees and / or equivalent work experience with a focus in computer science ,  engineering and mathematics are highly desired .   the newly launched ibm services center  baton rouge will employ experienced professionals and entry - level hires .  http  /  / www . ibmlouisiana . com .  .  .  /   mission of ibm services center  baton rouge the rapid and widespread adoption of mobile and social technologies within the last three years has changed the way customers and companies interact with one another – driving fundamental transformations to business processes and applications .  the ibm services center  baton rouge will provide ibm’s clients in the united states with services that address the increasing demand for flexible software services to keep up with big data ,  cloud and mobile requirements that they are facing .  as an employee of the ibm services center  baton rouge ,  you will deliver technology services including application development ,  application management and system integration to some of the nation s top organizations .  ibm is seeking application development specialists – c# . net in the louisiana area interested in working next to some of the best it professionals in the industry .   in this job role you ll be responsible for performing a variety of technical duties including application programming ,  analysis ,  testing and product installation to deliver high quality application solutions to clients .  tasks performed require integrating hardware ,  software packages and network solutions ,  including highly complex application components and reusable objects residing on multiple platforms .  applicants should also be specialists who primarily apply their technical skills in an internal or external customer billable services ,  and implementation ,  environment .   candidate must have the ability to work in the united states without a current or future need for visa sponsorship .   successful candidates for these positions will work onsite at the ibm services center  baton rouge .  no remote opportunities exist .   be a part of making the world more instrumented ,  interconnected  -  and intelligent .  join us .   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in basic knowledge of c# . net   basic knowledge in basic knowledge of c ,  c++ ,  asp . net   english  intermediate  preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering   at least 1 year experience in basic knowledge of c# . net   at least 1 year experience in basic knowledge of c ,  c++ ,  asp . net  additional information note regarding travel  the ibm services center is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from baton rouge ,  la .  however ,  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering   at least 1 year experience in basic knowledge of c# . net   at least 1 year experience in basic knowledge of c ,  c++ ,  asp . net   additional information note regarding travel  the ibm services center is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from baton rouge ,  la .  however ,  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .       additional information note regarding travel  the ibm services center is an in - bound delivery model where we support our clients from baton rouge ,  la .  however ,  some travel is expected and all candidates must be willing and able to travel to meet our client needs .  travel is typically related to knowledge transfer and training at the client site and could be several months up front  ( monday thru friday )  .      
  .  ibm’s systems and technology group is looking for entry level engineers to join its semiconductor client solutions organization .  this organization is responsible for support of ibm s us 200 & 300mm wafer fabrication facilities in the areas of world wide test development ,  integrated supply chain and microelectronics client quality solutions .  this specific job requisition is for a test engineer in support of world wide test development and operations .  the test engineer candidate will develop ,  verify functionality and implement new verification  ( test )  programs and / or support test hardware development solutions ,  for ibm s latest technologies at wafer and package level test .  candidate will work with team members in support of current and new test solution development and implementation and ongoing improvements in support of lean manufacturing .     available positions  test equipment and test analysis / characterization engineers    disciplines  electrical engineering ,  computer engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  microelectronics engineering ,  or a related field with skills in the semiconductor processing ,  product / circuit design ,  test ,  characterization and / or device design .     positions may be available in essex junction ,  vermont and hopewell junction ,  new york  ibm systems and technology group has opportunities for technical solutions engineers to manage and support our oem custom logic / specialty foundry customers .  we develop industry - leading custom silicon solutions for many brand - name wireless ,  networking ,  storage and consumer products .  custom logic / specialty foundry technical solution engineers have responsibility for the sale and support of these solutions and for management of the client relationship ,  including technical sales support which may include  collaboration within the ibm sales and brand teams to define ,  design ,  and detail the technical aspects and feasibility of ibm semiconductor solutions  team - based creation and presentation of comprehensive technical and pricing proposals  development and delivery of technical education  support and resolution of critical client situations  and leadership for closure of client s questions including the completion of the contract signature process .   required   high school diploma / ged   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in engineering     
 the system engineer works with project system engineer ,  customer personnel ,  project architects ,  and project managers to identify functional requirements and subsequently manages the team across the identification ,  justification and design activities for the customer s solution .   as an individual contributor or member of a team ,  performs a technical role in support of technical solutions ,  from requirement gathering and analysis through solution development ,  test and deployment .  this includes translating the customerÂ’s business requirements into specific system ,  application or process designs for large ,  complex or leading edge solutions .   the system engineer assists in delivery of high quality solutions to clients in response to specific business requirements ,  develops technical skills and absorbs professional knowledge quickly ,  performs assigned technical tasks including study ,  analysis ,  programming ,  product installation .  the system engineer has some specific product ,  technology ,  or industry - related specialized skills and works with proposals ,  requirements ,  designs ,  implementations and production projects / engagements .  may use tools to analyze and implement portions of a customer solution .   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in technical skills in any of the following technologies  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net ,  xml ,  j2ee   readiness to travel up to 2 days a week  ( home on weekends - based on project requirements )    english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree in information technology   at least 1 year experience in technical skills in any of the following technologies  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net ,  xml ,  j2ee   basic knowledge in dsp ,  circuit / logic design ,  power systems ,  verification ,  analysis or testing is a plus   basic knowledge in team atmosphere ,  making individual contributions to challenging projects  additional information to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .  please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system ,  ibm employees ,  or send to any ibm company location .  ibm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes .   to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in information technology   at least 1 year experience in technical skills in any of the following technologies  java ,  c++ ,  c# ,   . net ,  xml ,  j2ee   basic knowledge in dsp ,  circuit / logic design ,  power systems ,  verification ,  analysis or testing is a plus   basic knowledge in team atmosphere ,  making individual contributions to challenging projects   additional information to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .  please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system ,  ibm employees ,  or send to any ibm company location .  ibm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes .   to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .       additional information to all recruitment agencies  ibm only accepts resumes from agencies on our approved agency list .  please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system ,  ibm employees ,  or send to any ibm company location .  ibm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes .   to be an official applicant to ibm ,  you must submit a resume and online application .  resumes submitted remain active for six months .      
 this is an internship position and all applicants must be registered full time students to apply .   exciting opportunity with ibm software and strategy area .  job within ibm s jstart emerging technologies group located in rtp ,  nc  ( www . ibm . com / jstart )  .  college co - op / student intern only and needs to work from january 2014 through early august 2014 .   candidate should have java ,  javascript ,  xml ,  ajax  ( dojo )  programming skills .  other experience desired  working with cloud  ( paas and iaas )  ,  data analytics ,  hadoop ,  web widgets / gadgets ,  and developing web application solutions .   the emerging technologies development team creates prototype technologies for both external and internal customers .  this is mostly a software development / programming assignment in which the candidate will develop new demos and applications on both windows and linux platforms .  co - ops are also expected to support the lab test machines and do some testing or evaluation of other software programs .  gain great experience using new technologies !  !  see a description of the jstart intern experience at http  /  / www - 01 . ibm . com .  .  .  /   required   high school diploma / ged   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree in information technology   at least 6 months experience in java   at least 6 months experience in javascript / ajax  ( dojo )   additional information software may not be the first thing you think about when you think ibm ,  but that’s probably because we spend more time developing great products than bragging about them .  as the world’s second largest software maker ,  our developers constantly push the envelope to ensure the millions of people already using ibm software have the most reliable platforms available .  while other software makers cling to yesterday’s proprietary models ,  ibm is looking to tomorrow and is committed to the advancement of open internet standards and applications .  stop working for grades ,  start working for the world .   ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree in information technology   at least 6 months experience in java   at least 6 months experience in javascript / ajax  ( dojo )    additional information software may not be the first thing you think about when you think ibm ,  but that’s probably because we spend more time developing great products than bragging about them .  as the world’s second largest software maker ,  our developers constantly push the envelope to ensure the millions of people already using ibm software have the most reliable platforms available .  while other software makers cling to yesterday’s proprietary models ,  ibm is looking to tomorrow and is committed to the advancement of open internet standards and applications .  stop working for grades ,  start working for the world .       additional information software may not be the first thing you think about when you think ibm ,  but that’s probably because we spend more time developing great products than bragging about them .  as the world’s second largest software maker ,  our developers constantly push the envelope to ensure the millions of people already using ibm software have the most reliable platforms available .  while other software makers cling to yesterday’s proprietary models ,  ibm is looking to tomorrow and is committed to the advancement of open internet standards and applications .  stop working for grades ,  start working for the world .      
 we are looking for college students with a strong technical background who are interested in a software development role ,  testing software ,  or technical support role ,  working on technical software projects alongside developers at ibm websphere lab located at austin ,  texas .  students with software engineering expereicne from engineering ,  computing ,  human computer interaction  /  design disciplines are welcomed .  our ideal candidates must be familiar with java programming language with strong technical and problem solving skills ,  passion for technology and software ,  and strong teaming skills .  must be able to work in a high energy environment and exhibit creative thinking and collaboration .   we have multiple positions available in websphere web services ,  security ,  system management ,  and next generation build group .  each of these positions offer an excellent opportunity to develop technical skills with a multi - disciplinary team of developers ,  designers and business professionals focused on the next generation of software .  you will gain real life experience with a corporate position that will not only impact your future career but also influence ibm s products .   required   high school diploma / ged   english  fluent  preferred   information technology   at least 1 year experience in java programming language  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   information technology   at least 1 year experience in java programming language     
 ready to change the way the world works ?  this is your chance to develop and work with innovative new technology products ,  as well as your career ,  with the world s second largest software - maker  ibm .  hone your expertise alongside fellow talented professionals ,  where you ll develop and / or test some of the most exciting software solutions on the market .   we are looking for two  ( 2 )  enthusiastic software test specialist coop students who are interested to join the qa  ( quality assurance )   -  functional verification test  ( fvt )  software engineering teams in san jose ,  california or costa mesa ,  california for up to a an 12 - month internship .  the ideal coop student will bring passion ,  initiative ,  excellent communication skills ,  and a “take charge” attitude working with the information lifecycle governance development ,  quality assurance ,  support and test teams ,  and will have the unique opportunity to learn and apply the concepts of defensible disposal solutions ,  the atlas product suite ,  ediscovery ,  and enterprise records  ( ier )     -  ibm atlas is a standard for legal holds and retention management software ,  which enables customers to more effectively retain and archive information ,  efficiently meet ediscovery obligations ,  and defensibly dispose of information .    -  ibm enterprise records  ( ier )  provides the record management solution for enterprise content management systems .  this application is responsible for the retention and disposal of documents and other content in accordance to government rules and standards .    -  ibm ediscovery manager assists with legal discovery and helps you handle immediate litigation and investigation matters by enabling you to proactively search ,  manage ,  and export electronically stored information  ( esi )  ,  including email and other business content .   all three product areas provide for unique customer solutions where the coop student will be exposed to the complete lifecycle of software product development ,  from initial requirements gathering ,  to elaboration and design ,  testing ,  and final delivery .   this position provides the coop student with a great opportunity to work in a global team ,  and learn and use several development and test tools ,  such as selenium ,  rational team concert  ( rtc )  ,  rational appscan ,  rational quality manager  ( rqm )  ,  and rational application developer  ( rad )  .  the project may also include the development of automated test cases using selenium .   interested in learning more about ibm ?  check out the ibm global careers newsletter .   note that this job requisition is for an internship role  therefore ,  only currently enrolled students  ( bachelor s or master s degree )  are eligible to apply for this position .   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in java development  ( java ,  javascript ,  j2ee )    basic knowledge in function testing   basic knowledge in agile methodologies   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 6 months experience in java development  ( java ,  javascript ,  j2ee )    at least 6 months experience in function testing   at least 6 months experience in agile methodologies  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree   at least 6 months experience in java development  ( java ,  javascript ,  j2ee )    at least 6 months experience in function testing   at least 6 months experience in agile methodologies     
 ibm learning has an opening for a part - time  ( 8 - 10 hours per week )  communications intern with superior writing skills to support the management development portfolio at ibm .  this individual will play a key role in helping to create ,  as well as edit content that aligns with ibm’s contemporary and dynamic design strategy .   in line with our goals to reach all managers at ibm ,  s / he will be required to understand ibm’s current branding and communications strategy to develop engaging ,  sharp ,  and creative content .  the intern will work on learning assets for the programs ,  and will work closely with program designers to provide the support needed to complete facilitation guides ,  quick packs with key information ,  email messages ,  and much more .   responsibilities  · translate business objectives and challenges into communications that are effective ,  and easily consumed by managers · create and edit copy of learning content and related materials · partner effectively with ibm’s communications and hr teams · contribute to the execution of our holistic approach to management development through communications that are contemporary and professional · contribute to the creation of forums ,  blogs ,  white papers and other leadership communications .   most importantly ,  she / he needs to apply a writing style that’s current and informal with a balance between business communications and magazine format  ( short ,  and informative )  .   required   high school diploma / ged   at least 6 months experience in communications major with a concentration in public relations   english  fluent  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .      
 to be considered ,  candidates should formally apply via www . ibm . com / employment / summit .   the summit intern program within the ibm us sales & distribution division is searching for top - quality graduate students with a passion for technology and client interaction for it specialist and it architect internships .  this is a summer 2014 position .  applicants should be graduate students pursuing a masters level technical degree .   during the internship you will work with ibm technical sales professionals  ( it specialists or it architects )  to assist with technical support of sales opportunities at both client sites and ibm technical sales centers like the ibm technical exploration centers  ( tec )  .  you will gain knowledge about ibm s software and hardware products through hands - on technical experience .  prior technical intern responsibilities include assisting with installation of ibm hardware and software ,  benchmarking ,  technical documentation ,  and technical setup for customer briefings or demos .  interns working at the tecs also assist with the center s day - to - day technical operational duties .  roles and projects will vary depending on location and the current needs of ibm s clients .  additionally ,  as an it specialist or it architect intern ,  you will have the opportunity to network throughout all levels of the robust ibm organization ,  which will enable you to form contacts and gain insights on future opportunities within ibm .   the ibm it specialist and it architect are integral parts of the client account team ,  driving revenue through designing solutions ,  technical presentations ,  in - depth complex technical demonstrations and / or proof - of - concepts .  recognized as a “subject matter expert   on ibm s software or hardware brands ,  the it specialist consults with clients of all sizes and across various industry sectors and leverages his / her technical expertise to assist sales counterparts with aligning the technical capabilities of ibm offerings to client requirements .  it architects define solutions and architectures to address client business requirements and technical needs .  they work in levels of abstraction ,  applying industry knowledge ,  and leveraging appropriate technology information .   the ideal graduate level it specialist or it architect intern applicant should  • demonstrate a strong passion for technology • have hardware or software technical experience through prior jobs or internships / co - ops • have sales or customer service experience • be a self starter and have demonstrated leadership experience • display empathy and possess excellent people and teaming skills • possess strong written and oral communication skills • be able to independently travel to local ibm clients and meetings • be a graduate student majoring in a technical degree field with proven academic success  ( computer science ,  computer engineering ,  etc )   this is an intern position and all applicants must be registered ,  full - time students  required   bachelor s degree   readiness to travel 10% travel annually   english  fluent  preferred   engineering  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   engineering     
 ready to change the way the world works ?  this is your chance to develop innovative new technology products ,  as well as your career ,  with the world s second largest software - maker .  hone your expertise alongside fellow talented professionals ,  where you ll develop some of the most exciting software solutions on the market .  at ibm ,  we re strongly committed to the advancement of open internet standards and applications as well .   as an ibm software developer ,  you ll use the latest tools and technologies available to deliver state - of - the - art software .  you ll be responsible for ensuring that company software components are expertly designed ,  tested ,  debugged ,  verified ,  and ready for integration into ibm s best - of - breed solutions that help organizations improve their business outcomes in the global marketplace .                                       this is an internship position and all applicants must be registered full time students to apply .   if you are a smart ,  technically savvy undergraduate who wants to be part of a team that’s building sophisticated enterprise web - based software ,  we want to hear from you .   our team’s mission is to build top - notch user friendly clients and apis for our enterprise content management customers .  you would be working with product managers ,  user experience ,  and other fellow developers to design and implement features and functionality to existing clients .  this experience would allow you to gain an understanding of enterprise software development in an agile development environment .   you would be performing a variety of development task     contribute to code design and development    work to troubleshoot and fix issues    build tests to ensure product quality    assist the team in supporting the application in qa and production environments  the ideal candidate would be a undergraduate student studying computer science .   required   high school diploma / ged   at least 2 years experience in software development   at least 2 years experience in programming languages  ( java ,  c++ ,  c ,  php )    english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree     
 all applicants must be registered full - time students  ibm is looking for student interns to work alongside the best and brightest minds in the world to build a smarter planet .  join the db2 luw  ( linux / unix / windows )  west coast development team at the ibm silicon valley laboratory in california and work on exciting database features on the cutting edge .  candidates should be strong team players with excellent communication skills who thrive in a challenging yet collaborative team environment .  relational database knowledge including sql and experience using the linux ,  unix ,  and windows operating systems is preferred .   there are multiple positions open with this posting   job title  db2 software developer software developers will contribute to the design and implementation of new database warehousing functionality in the db2 engine which is made up of many complex components such as indexing ,  data management ,  runtime interpreter ,  query compiler ,  and optimizer .  responsibilities include designing ,  coding ,  and unit testing future enhancements as well as investigating and resolving function test ,  system test ,  and performance problems .   skills needed    experience with c / c++ programming    strong database and sql skills  job title  db2 software qa engineer software quality assurance engineers plan ,  design ,  execute and report on tests by using appropriate testing tools and techniques to cover the areas of function test ,  system test ,  and regression test .  responsibilities include setting up test environments ,  designing and planning testing activity ,  developing test cases / scenarios / use cases ,  and / or executing required test cases .  qa engineers also investigate problems uncovered during testing ,  recreate those problems as appropriate and execute fix validations .  in addition ,  they provide feedback on usability ,  serviceability ,  and documentation .   skills needed     basic knowledge of test automation and testing principles ,  tools and techniques    basic knowledge in unix  /  linux and scripting  ( ksh or perl )   job title  db2 software performance analyst employees in this role work with product planners and owners to establish measurable performance goals which meet market requirements .  they design and implement workloads reflecting actual client usage patterns and then collect measurements and do analysis to verify that the product s performance goals are met .  they work closely with development on design and implementation enhancements and make tuning recommendations to improve software performance .  in addition ,  they develop and provide capacity planning and investigation guidance and tools to sales and support .   skills needed     experience with performance database tuning  ( db2 )     experience verifying scalability ,  reliability ,  and high - availability of solutions    experience with network analysis ,  sniffer ,  or equivalent tools  job title  db2 build / packaging specialist employees in this role must be able to install ,  service ,  and maintain drivers for development ,  test or service and understand packaging issues .  this specialist will develop and maintain automation frameworks that execute tasks relating to build ,  packaging ,  and test in addition to debugging compile ,  packaging and test issues to expedite resolution and delivery of the software development drivers .  responsibilities include  delivery of repeatable driver builds ,  managing project builds to ensure that best practice methodologies are applied to reach a successful delivery ,  and working with teams across the organization to ensure that all dependencies are identified ,  committed ,  and delivered on schedule .  the job involves directly working with linux ,  unix ,  and windows operating systems and requires system setup ,  administration ,  and troubleshooting as well as tools / application development .   skills needed     strong scripting skills  ( shell ,  batch ,  perl )     knowledge of programming languages  ( java ,  c++ )     experience with build process and related tool  required   high school diploma / ged   english  fluent  preferred   bachelor s degree  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   bachelor s degree     
 do you  love writing web applications and then find yourself preferring to spend time wringing every last ounce of performance out of them ?  know how to spin up additional heroku servers to improve your applicationa ?  ? s throughput ?  write map reduce jobs to analyze the social media graph of your appa ?  ? s users ?  use your mobile device to optimize the path to your 8am class ?  have a github account ?  overclock your cpu ?   ( bonus points for nitrogen !  )  do you keep up with the latest technologies ,  and wish you could work on something the scale of facebook or linkedin ,  with even more functionality for mission critical business ?  as a performance engineer intern you ll be part of the team responsible for ensuring salesforce . com is the world s most performant ,  scalable ,  and reliable enterprise cloud computing platform by creating the most complex load simulations and comprehensive end - to - end automation in the industry .  work closely with developers and qe to understand the service architecture ,  gather requirements from product managers ,  and create and automate performance workloads with varying load and data shapes to simulate real world stresses with accuracy and precision .  your results analysis will help guide the deployment of critical features and ensure the service remains blazingly fast and bulletproof for our 100 , 000 customers worldwide .  multiple positions available .  startup or salesforce ?  if you re thinking about working at a startup you really should come talk to us too .  if you read fred wilson you know that he invests in   large networks of engaged users that can disrupt big markets   .  salesforce . com is the ultimate large network of engaged customers ,  who also pay for the servicea ? ¦and we still act like a startup internally .  responsibilities  youa ?  ? ll analyze ,  understand ,  and improve salesforce . coma ?  ? s performance from server generation to browser rendering ,  using industry standard tools for measuring and visualizing the different components of site performance ,  across millions of users .  you will work closely with developers to understand our architecture ,  gather requirements from management and product owners .  your direct efforts will help us ensure we have the visibility necessary to identify potential areas of performance improvement as well as triage problems when they occur in one of our global production data centers .  required skills  working towards bs or ms in cs ,  ee or a related field hands on exposure with java object - oriented programming experience working knowledge html and css strong analytical and problem - solving skills a self starter with a strong sense of self motivation desired skills  youa ?  ? re always trying out the latest cool project on github strong linux sysadmin skills familiar with open source technologies familiar with sql and database design and scalability familiar with big data challenges and nosql solutions like hbase and hadoop about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 devops rockstar desk . com is a fast - paced startup inside salesforce . com ,  which means you get the best of both worlds  small teams ,  fun projects ,  and fast execution backed by the vast resources of a $1 . 7 billion company .  we have the excitement and intense culture of a fast - paced startup coupled with the dependability and maturity of an established player .  we are headquartered in san francisco at bryant and second ,  within walking distance of bart and muni .  responsibilities Â· build and maintain server and network configurations in the cloud using aws Â· assist developers with building ,  testing ,  and deploying ruby on rails code Â· automate everything in sight and be horrified by the idea of manual ,  repetitious labor Â· keep our customers happy by promptly and professionally taking care of help desk tickets and interfacing with them when needed to resolve complex support cases Â· build things in a sustainable ,  repeatable ,  and sane way using puppet Â· be equally eager to learn new stuff and to teach what you know Â· support engineering efforts to use jenkins and capistrano to rapidly move code from development to production release via continuous deployment Â· collect and graph log files ,  performance info ,  and more ,  to figure out what and when to scale Â· be proactive in spotting and fixing potential problem areas Â· rotate with other team members to be on call  ( a ?  ? carry a pagera ?  )  to quickly fix issues that arise in our production and non - production environments Â· troubleshoot and maintain numerous environments ,  including production ,  staging ,  qa ,  and development Â· participate in daily stand - up meetings and a ?  ? deep divea ?  troubleshooting sessions Â· maintain a positive ,  upbeat ,  a ?  ? can - doa ?  attitude required knowledge Â· in - depth understanding of using new relic to visualize and understand application and system performance bottlenecks and troubleshooting Â· solid knowledge of aws concepts and command - line administration of  o elastic compute cloud  ( ec2 )  o elastic load balancers  ( elb )  o simple storage service  ( s3 )  o simple queuing service  ( sqs )  o elastic ip addresses  ( eip )  o redshift o cloudfront o auto scaling ,  o relational database service  ( rds )  o route 53 dns o virtual private cloud  ( vpc )  o glacier o simple notification service  ( sns )  Â· extraordinary troubleshooting abilities Â· significant development experience using ruby and ruby on rails Â· development experience using java ,  javascript ,  and ajax Â· strong shell scripting skills in both bash and python Â· extensive knowledge of configuration management using puppet Â· strong tcp / ip networking including iptables ,  and packet capture and analysis Â· linux fundamentals including file systems ,  security ,  and kernel performance tuning under xen virtualization Â· proven expertise with the following software  o nginx o postfix o varnish o redis o memcache o haproxy o elasticsearch o rabbitmq Â· experience with monitoring and capacity / performance visualization software icinga Â· extensive experience using capistrano to deploy and manage ruby on rails applications Â· in - depth knowledge of ubuntu linux Â· basic knowledge of mysql database administration ,  including replication and backups Â· experience building debian or ubuntu apt packages bonus knowledge Â· management and analysis of system and application log files using sumo logic Â· administration and audit of systems security using cloudpassage Â· troubleshooting and converting ssl certificate and key formats using openssl salesforce . com founded in 1999 ,  salesforce . com is the enterprise cloud computing leader .  our social and mobile cloud technologies a ?  ?  including our flagship sales and crm applications a ?  ?  help companies connect with customers ,  partners ,  and employees in entirely new ways .  with more than 100 , 000 customers worldwide ,  we are proud to contribute to the success of companies of all sizes and industries ,  around the globe .  if you re passionate about innovation ,  come help revolutionize how companies collaborate and communicate with customers .  desk . com is a fast - paced startup inside salesforce . com ,  which means you get the best of both worlds  small teams ,  fun projects ,  and fast execution backed by the vast resources of a $3 billion company .  we have the cool vibe of a startup and the dependability of an established player .  we are headquartered in san francisco and have really cool offices south of market .  hopefully you re near us ,  but we have employees all over the world and we re looking for the best talent no matter where you re located .      
 ruby on rails engineer san francisco ,  ca | new york ,  ny founded in 1999 ,  salesforce . com is the enterprise cloud computing leader .  our social and mobile cloud technologies a ?  ?  including our flagship sales and crm applications a ?  ?  help companies connect with customers ,  partners ,  and employees in entirely new ways .  with more than 100 , 000 customers worldwide ,  we are proud to contribute to the success of companies of all sizes and industries ,  around the globe .  if you re passionate about innovation ,  come help revolutionize how companies collaborate and communicate with customers .  desk . com is a fast - paced startup inside salesforce . com ,  which means you get the best of both worlds  small teams ,  fun projects ,  and fast execution backed by the vast resources of a $3 billion company .  we have the cool vibe of a startup and the dependability of an established player .  we are headquartered in san francisco and have really cool offices south of market .  hopefully you re near us ,  but we have employees all over the world and we re looking for the best talent no matter where you re located .  we re looking for an experienced ruby on rails developer with top - notch software design and coding skills ,  ideally with knowledge of jquery .  our stack includes ruby ,  rails ,  javascript ,  elasticsearch ,  and mysql and we prefer generalists who have lots of successes at every layer of the stack .  what you ll be doing  architect ,  build ,  test and refine new products and services develop and expand infrastructure to process many millions of page views and transactions with fault - tolerance and predictability tackle a wide variety of coding problems throughout the stack a ?  ?  we all work on everything brainstorm and prototype new concepts and approaches fast .  turn prototypes into real things troubleshoot and maintain production and testing environments .  contribute to diagnosing and solving performance issues whenever the occur be a team player in a flat - structured ,  highly collaborative environment make desk . com a primary focus of your life the ideal candidate  ambitious ,  driven ,  and talented individual who wants to work on significant ,  game - changing problems able to design and write well - structured ,  easily maintainable ,  well - documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism strong knowledge of ruby on rails and strength in all the rails fundamentals demonstrable track record building distributed ,  clustered ,  high - throughput applications that can really scale background in building highly scalable applications designed for n+1 clustering with minimal downtime demonstrable knowledge of javascript and css  ( preferably leveraging jquery )  solid sql skills ,  preferable with mysql experience squeezing out milliseconds out of rails to make blazing applications ability to create well - designed api s a ?  ?  we d love to hear about your favorites and why they are great knowledge of search frameworks such as elasticsearch experience with user - centered interaction design proficient in both linux  ( production )  and mac osx  ( development )  environments preferred familiarity with amazon web services  ( ec2 ,  s3 ,  ebs ,  etc .  )  preferred     
 are you interested in learning how to squeeze the last bit of performance possible out of your applications ?  are you always looking for ways to better utilize cpu ,  memory ,  and io subsystems ?  are you intrigued by some of the largest deployments of server farms on the planet and how they really scale ?  as a performance automation and tools developer intern you ll be a part of the team responsible for developing the tools ,  frameworks ,  and platforms necessary for ensuring salesforce . com remains the world s most highly performing ,  scalable ,  and reliable enterprise cloud computing company in the industry .  youa ?  ? ll work closely with developers to understand our architecture ,  gather requirements from management and product owners .  your direct efforts will help us ensure we have the visibility necessary to identify potential areas of performance improvement as well as triage problems when they occur in one of our global production data centers .  key responsibilities  develop superbly architected code that will provide the necessary insights into our scalable world class cloud offerings so performance improvements can be made and problems diagnosed rapidly have an agile ,  iterative approach to software development ,  rapidly showing progress and being able to adapt to continual feedback and refinement of requirements develop tools ,  automation frameworks ,  and management platforms that will enable the successful automated validation and optimization of various salesforce offerings develop automated reporting mechanisms for test results ,  provide effective analysis of results ,  and recommend actions based on those results work closely with management ,  product owners ,  and other developers to understand product requirements and design appropriate test plans to verify features and functional specifications be fanatical about testing across the entire spectrum  unit ,  integration ,  functional ,  and performance .  live for automation of these type test harnesses and a huge plus if been a successful player in an agile environment required skills  working towards bs or ms in computer science ,  electrical engineering or related field hands on exposure via academic ,  professional ,  or internship experience with java object - oriented programming experience and expertise with modular designs working knowledge of web - development frameworks including html and css strong analytical and problem - solving skills a self starter with a strong sense of self motivation desired skills  familiar with open source technologies familiar with database design ,  scalability ,  and interaction through sql familiar with big data challenges and nosql solutions like hbase and hadoop internship program experience  during the 12 - week internship you will have the opportunity to learn from and network with salesforce employees and your peers in the program .  you will attend a brief company orientation and will receive additional training from your team while on the job .  your learning experience will continue through lunch & learn events with executives ,  philanthropic and team building events ,  and networking events for interns and teams in san francisco .  in addition ,  you will be matched with a mentor to provide advice and guidance throughout the summer .  therea ?  ? s never been a better time to explore an internship at salesforce  .  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 as a performance engineer summer intern at data . com you will get hands on experience with services that scale to millions of users with even greater number of transactions per day .  you will be part of the performance engineering team that is responsible to ensure that our web and cloud based services and platforms have high performance ,  response time and availability as well as are scalable to our ever growing number of users .  you will be expected to apply your skills around system performance management by running complex simulations to validate factors such as cpu speed ,  memory and disk io .  you will also have to work closely with your technical operations team to evaluate and benchmark production performance and participate in troubleshooting of performance related issues in production systems .  responsibilities  be part of a fast paced performance engineering team working with several functional teams to help validate new products and features against production performance standards participate in the development of tools and processes  ( monitoring ,  measurement ,  load generation etc .  )  that will enable us to continuously run performance workloads and catch issues early and often develop well - tuned code that will provide effective and efficient testing and monitoring of our scalable world class service own a performance engineering project over the course of the internship that will in some manner contribute towards ensuring that we are meeting our performance goals standards and delivering beyond our customer expectations experience / skills required  enrolled in junior year or higher at a college / university or any year at a graduate school working towards a bs or ms in computer science ,  electrical engineering or related field hands - on exposure via academic ,  professional or internship experience with c# / java development experience using oo methodologies understanding of object - oriented programming / design working knowledge of html and javascript ability to maintain strong analytical and problem - solving skills be a self - starter and possess strong sense of self - motivation experience / skills desired  analytical ,  abstract ,  destructive thinking abilities and problem - solving skills process orientation with a strong appreciation of high performing and scalable services expertise or knowledge of a performance testing tool both backend and ui coursework in relational database concepts ,  web services ,  automated test scripting internship program experience  during the 12 - week internship you will have the opportunity to learn from and network with salesforce employees and your peers in the program .  you will attend a brief company orientation and will receive additional training from your team while on the job .  your learning experience will continue through lunch & learn events with executives ,  philanthropic and team building events ,  and networking events for interns and teams in san francisco .  in addition ,  you will be matched with a mentor to provide advice and guidance throughout the summer .  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 you will develop automated solutions for the release management team ,  working with the technology organization s change management system built on the force . com platform .  this system is used to track projects ,  user stories ,  defects ,  releases ,  and many other internal activities .  the force . com platform is widely used by salesforce customers to implement custom solutions for their companies .  more information on the force . com platform may be found at http  /  / developer . force . com  .  .  .      
 are you good at breaking things ?  as a software engineer in quality ,  youa ?  ? ll not only break it ,  youa ?  ? ll own it .  you are relentless about breaking down code and developing tools and automation to ensure quality features for our millions of users .  you heavily utilize your design ,  technical ,  communication ,  and analytical skills to deliver the best on - demand business software platform .  working closely with some of the most talented software developers and product managers in technology ,  you understand requirements and provide feedback into scoping new features .  you also use your creativity to flesh out those hard - to - find bugs and ensure the highest quality service to our customers .  ultimately ,  you will join a team that is driven by one mantra  what our customers want truly matters and we deliver it .  responsibilities  develop code that will provide effective and efficient testing and monitoring of our scalable world class service develop tools and processes  ( monitoring ,  automation ,  data manipulation ,  etc .  )  that will enable the successful automated validation for our software service .  enhance and upgrade functionality of our internal automation framework .  develop automated reporting mechanisms for test results .  provide effective analysis of results and recommend action based on those results .  methodically implement test plans and defect reports .  includes low - level unit testing to higher - level systems integration and performance analysis .  procedures include functional testing ,  performance testing ,  and more .  required skills  enrolled in sophomore year or higher at a college / university or any year at a graduate school working towards a bs or ms in computer science or related degree hands - on exposure with c# / java development and experience using oo methodologies understanding of object - oriented programming / design working knowledge of html and javascript solid understanding of web services testing and associated toolkits and standards ability to maintain strong analytical and problem - solving skills ability to quickly learn new technologies be a self - starter and possess strong sense of self - motivation desired skills  analytical ,  abstract ,  destructive thinking abilities process orientation with a strong appreciation of high quality products expertise with java servlets and java server pages coursework in sql and relational database concepts internship program experience  coding is great and all ,  but we dona ?  ? t call this our #dreamjob for nothing .  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college we want to hire you full time after graduation !  with one of the best conversion rates in the industry ,  we expect our interns to be the future of salesforce .  this internship truly is the path to your #dreamjob !  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 job summary  this is your time to shine .  our software development interns are considered full time employees by their peersin fact ,  you will be expected to contribute right away as a member of our scrum teams for future releases .  as the world leader in enterprise cloud computing ,  we release 3 new versions every year with close to 100 new features each release .  you will write code that reaches millions of subscribers who use our applications everyday ,  work on our automated testing infrastructure ,  and craft the tools that provide real - time monitoring of our service .  with such quick turnaround ,  we dona ?  ? t want our interns to sit on the sidelines and enjoy the view we want you to change the way our customers connect their business to the world !  responsibilities  implement code fixes under the direction of software architects and senior developers develop well - tuned code that may be included as part of our next software release contribute to our suite of automated tests and testing infrastructure required skills  enrolled in sophomore year or higher at a college / university or any year at a graduate school working towards a bs or ms in computer science ,  electrical engineering or related academic or professional / internship experience with java understanding of object - oriented programming / design working knowledge of html and web technologies ability to quickly learn new technologies strong analytical and problem - solving skills be a self - starter and possess strong sense of self - motivation desired skills  coursework in sql and relational database concepts strong competency in javascript and associated frameworks internship program experience  coding is great and all ,  but we dona ?  ? t call this our #dreamjob for nothing .  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college we want to hire you full time after graduation !  with one of the best conversion rates in the industry ,  we expect our interns to be the future of salesforce .  this internship truly is the path to your #dreamjob !  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the worlda ?  ? s largest provider of customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to enterprise cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re #1 across our core product lines a ?  ?  sales cloud ,  service cloud ,  marketing cloud and salesforce platform .  our social and mobile cloud technologies Â­help companies connect with their customers ,  partners ,  employees and products in entirely new ways .  we are the fastest growing of the worlda ?  ? s top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s best companies to work for five years in a row .  our more human ,  less corporate culture creates a #dreamjob experience for our employees working in locations around the world .  interested ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 the product intelligence team within salesforce . com technology & products seeks an outstanding data science intern with a strong statistics background .  insights from analyses ,  including predictive modeling ,  will help drive product strategy .  the successful candidate will prepare and analyze large volumes of customer data  ( primarily usage data )  to discover patterns from which the team can derive actionable product strategy .  responsibilities acquire ,  clean and structure data from multiple sources .  perform statistical analyses and modeling including non - linear ,  multivariate approaches .  support ongoing business performance & trends analyses as required to inform management decisions .  provide internal consulting to help answer key product questions .  required skills /  experience  masters degree  /  phd in statistics proficiency with toad for oracle ,  ibm spss modeler ,  r ,  tableau ,  and splunk .  proficient with oracle databases and pl - sql for data extraction .  proficient with pig to query hadoop .  creativity in developing actionable recommendations .  self - starter and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at hand .  excellent written and spoken communication skills .  ability to function independently and as part of a team under aggressive deadlines in a fast - paced environment ,  convey a strong professional image ,  exhibit interest and positive attitude toward all assigned work ,  and strive for continued improvement .  desired skills / experience  minimum of 2 years full - time work experience with data mining and statistical analyses with proven outcomes .  familiarity with the concepts of etl and data warehousing  ( including star schemas )  .  familiarity with cloud enterprise software development .  experience with software product strategy .  experience with salesforce . com technology  /  solutions .  internship program experience  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 as part of the user experience team ,  you will help define the future of cloud computing .  whether ita ?  ? s designing for or researching business applications and analytics tools ,  information visualization ,  mobile / iphone applications ,  social networking ,  or on - demand development tools ,  at salesforce . com youa ?  ? ll find a challenge that you can get excited about .  responsibilities  work collaboratively to achieve high quality user experiences on a complex feature over the summer internship organize and conduct user testing activities that lead to better product evangelize best practices for achieving user centered design within agile development teams required skills  in the process of completing an ms in the area of cognitive ,  behavioral ,  experimental or industrial psychology ,  human factors ,  or human computer interaction working knowledge of usability methods strong project management skills excellent presentation skills interest in working in an extremely fast paced environment desire to achieve innovation desired skills  knowledge of social networking ,  development platforms ,  or the crm space is preferred .  internship program experience  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college we want to hire you full time after graduation !  with one of the best conversion rates in the industry ,  we expect our interns to be the future of salesforce .  this internship truly is the path to your #dreamjob !  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 the ui design intern will provide support to the user experience group .  you will work with ui designers ,  usability analysts ,  product managers and developers to create a user experience that results in successful usage of salesforce . com features and functions for both business users and systems administrators .  this will involve such key tasks as development of schematics ,  mockups and html prototypes .  competitive research and product requirements analysis will also be involved .  required skills  working towards an undergraduate or master degree in the area of human factors ,  human computer interaction ,  or associated field with a focus on design .  solid knowledge of html ,  css ,  and omnigraffle  ( or equivalent ,  e . g .  ,  visio )  working knowledge of javascript and photoshop strong html prototyping skills strong organizational skills and a keen eye for detail excellent verbal and written communications skills excellent attention to detail motivated and eager to learn ability to work independently as well as in a group desired skills  user research heuristic evaluations enterprise / web application experience preferred internship program experience  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college we want to hire you full time after graduation !  with one of the best conversion rates in the industry ,  we expect our interns to be the future of salesforce .  this internship truly is the path to your #dreamjob !  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 we re looking for a design intern to join the user experience team at salesforce . com .  you ll be working with the visual design team to create beautiful designs that enrich our user experiences .  enhance your mastery of the principles of design as they relate to products and applications across multiple devices .  you ll be treated as a member of the team and will grow rapidly as you produce designs that will be integrated within our suite of applications .  responsibilities work on various web ,  mobile and tablet application interfaces assist design team in the creating various design deliverables create designs ,  icons and layouts that adhere to and extend the app thrive in a highly collaborative ,  fast - paced ,  agile environment experience  /  skills required knowledge of photoshop ,  illustrator ,  html ,  css ,  omnigraffle ,  jquery must be self - motivated ,  a good communicator ,  comfortable following direction ,  and able to balance great design with meeting short deadlines top talent across the world joins salesforce . com for its a ?  ? change the worlda ?  mentality  the opportunity to excel in a performance - driven ,  fast - paced ,  and competitive atmosphere  the chance to be surrounded by peers and leaders that inspire ,  motivate ,  and innovate and a corporate philosophy that incorporates community involvement into its fabric .  internship program experience  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college we want to hire you full time after graduation !  with one of the best conversion rates in the industry ,  we expect our interns to be the future of salesforce .  this internship truly is the path to your #dreamjob !  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 salesforce . com has one of the best security teams in the world and growing this piece of the business is a top priority .  our security teams work hand in hand with the business to ensure the highest security around all of our applications .  we are looking for a senior or lead product security engineer to provide security support for salesforce . com s cloud computing service .  you ll work closely with the technology organization to educate our teams on secure application development and help create innovative security solutions for our product .  additionally ,  you will play a key role providing both strategic and tactical security advice and help develop technology solutinos that promote security and trust for our customers and their data .  required skills  pursuing bs or masters degree desired skills  secur - it intern program member internship program experience  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college we want to hire you full time after graduation !  with one of the best conversion rates in the industry ,  we expect our interns to be the future of salesforce .  this internship truly is the path to your #dreamjob !  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 when you join dow jones ,  you become part of one of the most dynamic ,  creative and savvy news and information companies in the world .  as a global leader in news and business intelligence ,  we re newswires ,  websites ,  newspapers ,  apps ,  newsletters ,  databases ,  magazines ,  radio and television -  - including some of the widest - read and most - respected brands ,  like factiva ,  the wall street journal ,  barron s and smartmoney .  our media inform the discussions and decisions that are vital to the world s commerce ,  while our databases make the business world more transparent .  we continually develop technology to transform information into insight and insight into prosperity .  from 58 countries and in a dozen languages ,  we enlighten and inspire audiences with authoritative ,  differentiated and trusted content .   general experience   education  bs in computer science or equivalent .   2+ years experience in software development .   experience working in a team environment .   able to work in a rapid and agile development environment with frequent deliveries .   individual must be flexible  working in ny and / or south brunswick nj as needed .   flexible in the hours they work .  the mobile team is a very aggressive ,  fast paced environment that requires very dedicated ,  organized and fast thinking candidates .   individual must be independent and not require a lot of direction .   this person should be able to jump in and hit the ground running .   they should be a team player and possess a good ,  positive and fun attitude .   individual should have maturity in assessing the urgency of an issue and understanding proper escalation .   individual should be articulate and creative .   individual should have an understanding of the development life cycle experience .   candidates should be prepared to provide samples and demonstrate applications they have worked on .   solid communication and language skills .   technical skills   experience with objective - c ,  java or standard c 99 is a plus .   working knowledge of other programming languages ,  such as c++ ,   c# .   experience with javascript ,  html5 technologies a plus .   proficiency in software development design patterns and methodologies .   proficiency with testing methodologies and technologies such as tdd ,  bdd ,  mocks ,  stubs .   experience with multi - threaded programming styles and approaches .   an understanding of relational database schema design ,  queries ,  and optimization techniques .   knowledge of sql .   experience with a variety of mobile platforms  ( ios ,  android ,  wp7 )  a plus .   experience in unit testing iphone and ipad is a plus .   experience in ui automation a plus .   experience with xcode ,  instruments ,  eclipse and profiling a huge plus .   experience with source control environments  ( git ,  subversion )  .   reader of leading developer blogs and books to stay up to date .   experience writing technical documentation is a plus .   contributor to open source projects is a huge plus .   dow jones  making careers newsworthy  at dow jones our managers work to meet our equal opportunity and affirmative action objectives and our employees help to foster a professional ,  welcoming and encouraging environment .   eoe / aa / m / f / d / v   li - ja1     
 logo  what can we help you with   my profile  /  my saved jobs  /  network with us    jobs /     search jobs   my profile    my saved jobs   my saved searches  search all jobs    career areas /     actuarial & pricing   behavioral health   business & project management   customer service and claims   finance and accounting   human resources and training   legal and compliance    marketing communications & product development   nursing physicians and clinicians   pharmacy   provider relations   sales and account management   technology   underwriting  see all career areas    why work here /     your life s best work sm   top 10 reasons   corporate fast facts   awards and recognition   mission & values   rewards and benefits   culture    diversity   our affiliates   our businesses   meet our people   our locations   newsroom  see why we work here    college /     is unitedhealth group for you   life at unitedhealth group   college internships   graduate student careers   undergraduate careers    college recruiting resources   student programs   explore your options   campus recruiting events   college recruiting blog  see all college    getting hired /     resume advice   finding the right fit   our hiring process   interview tips   changing jobs    frequently asked questions   transitioning military   recruiter chat   career events   unitedhealth group blog  see all getting hired  job search  enter keywords  ( e . g .  sales )  ,  job title or job number enter a city ,  state ,  zip or province  select a region or country all asia pacific      india      philippines europe ,  middle east ,  and africa latin america  select a job field all account management actuarial administrative support services aviation behavioral billing business operations claims clinical & mental health professionals communications consulting platform customer service enroll & empl contract install executive leadership team finance government relations healthcare delivery healthcare economics human capital information technology international legal marketing and advertising medical & clinical operations network contract installation network contracting & pricing network management nursing pharmaceutical research pharmacy product project management real estate services regulatory & compliance sales and marketing sales support sales  /  direct selling sales  /  telesales sourcing and procurement training underwriting & pricing go jobs in u . s .  & canada jobs outside u . s .  & canada  email print careers  page not found  page not found  banner_building  404 page not found  we re sorry .   you may have typed the web address incorrectly ,  or the page you were looking for may have been moved or deleted .   please try the following options instead     search using the navigation bar   report the page not found using our feedback form    site links    network with us   report a problem   site feedback   tell a friend    corporate web site    unitedhealth group home   about us   businesses   social responsibility   investors   newsroom   diversity & inclusion    social responsibility & diversity    at unitedhealth group ,  we are committed to a powerful idea  -  that accessible ,  affordable and quality health care should be available to everyone .     visit the social responsibilty website   we embrace and encourage a culture of diversity and inclusion .  we know that valuing diversity makes good business sense and helps to ensure our future success .     learn more at our corporate diversity & inclusion web site  facebookbloggergpluslinkedinpinteresttwitteryoutube  contact us  |  privacy policy  |  fraudulent activity  © 2013 unitedhealth group ,  all rights reserved .   unitedhealth group is a registered service mark of unitedhealth group ,  inc .  the unitedhealth group name with the dimensional logo ,  as well as the dimensional logo alone ,  are both service marks for the unitedhealth group ,  inc .   get adobe reader  |  get adobe flash player  acrobat reader flash     
looking for experienced researchers that have experience collecting influential health care bloggers  -  will assign you the specific disorder once we see samples of your work .  need for creating a list of thousands of bloggers with different conditions and disorders which we will assign to you .  must have experience in finding / researching / creating top influential bloggers in the health / wellness / medical field .  please send samples otherwise we will not consider desired skills  admin assistant blogging blogs data entry research    
 i am in need of a part - time virtual assistant ,  doing tasks related to website ,  blog ,  newsletter ,  branding ,  and social media .  tasks that i need help with  1 .  website  ( updates to design )  2 .  create blog design 3 .  branding 4 .  social media setup upon selection there will be a probationary period of 1 week before being hired for longer .  please apply if you are a proactive individual who is self - motivated ,  creative ,  patient ,  open to suggestions for revisions / edits ,  and wants to help teachers  ( my field of expertise )  .  in your response please mention the word teachers  ( this will help me make sure the interested applicant has read all of the job description .  thank you for your interest .  desired skills  admin assistant computer skills social media marketing blog integration website design     
 i want to reach out to blogs in the u . s .  and around the world in a certain niche to review a product relevant to this niche .  i would like you to do some google searches for this niche ,  such as top 50 blogs ,  top 10 blogs ,  best blogs ,  etc .  there are several lists out there for this niche .  the goal of the project is to boil these various lists down to a single list of clickable url s with no duplicates ,  all entered in a google spreadhsheet .  ideally ,  you ll be able to start now and have the research completed by my monday morning  ( tomorrow for me ,  us mountain time zone )  .  desired skills  admin assistant data entry research     
 seeking a highly energetic ,  efficient and web savvy virtual assistant ,  modestly priced ,  for immediate start and quick project / task turnaround .   ( this is a one - off job ,  however ,  if you quickly and accurately dispatch this task set ,  you may be considered for potential ongoing va work .  )  important  i am inviting many   watch list   people to apply for this va position .  some of you were listed under   writing & translation    however ,  a few of you may be motivated and competent to work as general va s ,  so i have invited you ,  too .  for this initial stage of my project ( s )  i require assistance for a quick 24 to 72 hour turnaround on specific task sets ,  helping me and my web designer locate ,  organize and possibly arrange / set up needed material .  this will likely include ,  but not necessarily be limited to ,  the following objectives   -  -  data gathering & preparation for pages listing local nature & science centers   -  -  research ,  locate low cost / no cost sound track ( s )  for site  ( e . g .  ,  mozart concertos )   -  -  research and recommend easiest / best password management software  -  -  research / recommend phone / messaging system to forward after - hours calls  ( to be dealt with during daytime hours )   -  -  locate ,  recommend  ( and possibly arrange for )  free or low cost ,  copyright - safe content  subject  henry david thoreau ,  walden pond ,  the transcendentalists   -  -  locate ,  recommend  ( and possibly arrange for )  free or low cost ,  copyright - safe content  subjects  organisms  ( and related activities )   wild birds ,  bird watching  plants  ( wildflowers ,  trees & shrubs )   wildlife / animals  ( reptiles & amphibians  mammals  insects  etc .  -  - all creatures should be indigenous to the northeastern u .  s .  and canada )  .  to be considered for this job ,  and to indicate that you are actually reading these job details ,  in your proposal / reply please be sure to tell me your favorite kind of bird ,  plant ,  or animal ,  or another aspect of the natural environment that you find interesting or otherwise compelling .  ideal  ( longer term )  va candidate must be  well spoken and exceptionally facile with the english language ,  with a nearly flawless grasp of english spelling ,  punctuation ,  syntax ,  grammar ,  etc .  .  must also be capable of competent ,  highly detail - oriented proofreading ,  editing and  ( possibly )  actual content creation / writing for my niche website .  proofing / editing of print - on - paper books and e - books is also a possibility for the ideal candidate ,  or at least lending help with this .   ( i work with a gifted book designer and website developer  the successful longer - term va candidate will be asked to work cooperatively with her ,  in support of her superb work .  based in oregon ,  she works with me through the basecamp project software )  .  that said ,  the ideal va for my nascent publishing company will bring to bear a variety of other competencies ,  including the basic organizational expertise desired by most small business va clients .   ( my initially required tasks ,  however ,  will mainly include researching / mining / scraping the internet with a discerning eye for niche - pertinent website and blog content .  the first set of tasks will also likely include helping with social media setup ,  with the possibility of s - media management down the line .  )  more info  my book & e - book audience  the general reader and enthusiasts  ( or future enthusiasts !  )  of the nineteenth - century american naturalist - philosopher henry david thoreau .  my website / blog audience  science ,  nature ,  wildlife and wild bird enthusiasts  also educators and students of natural history ,  biology and / or the life sciences in general  ( this is a website linked to an associated blog )   and h .  d .  thoreau enthusiasts .  regions covered  the web site and blog will initially be focused on the nature ,  wildlife and wild birds of connecticut ,  southern new england ,  new england and the northeastern u .  s .   ( pretty much in that order .  )  if this sounds like it is up your alley please don t delay -  - i look forward to hearing from you very soon !  desired skills  content writing english grammar virtual assistant research skill & adaptability web savvy computer skills     
looking for someone who s great at searching the web .  i need someone to compile me a list of fitness & exercise websites / blogs for women .  desired skills  admin assistant data entry research    
 looking for a freelancer to create an excel spreadsheet which contains the following data    mom   type bloggers in the us that have over 5 , 000 readers .  will need the name of the blog ,  contact person name ,  amount of readers ,  type of blog ,  and if they review products .  blogs should address organic products ,  family friendly products .  desired skills  admin assistant computer skills data entry     
 i m looking for someone who can crosspost my blogs and other website content to pinterest .  most all will be fitness and health related .  .  .  ex .  natalie jill fitness ,  chalene johsnon .  desired skills  research admin assistant data entry     
 the national republican senatorial committee is seeking interns to fill positions for the fall of 2013 .  we are looking for people who can dictate 24 - hour news coverage into a well - formatted article ,  blog ,  or interest piece for the nrsc staff ,  consultants and activists .  applicants must be available for a minimum of 20 hours per week .  all nrsc internships are unpaid ,  and applicants should preferably be juniors or seniors in college .      
 the economic development industry is seeking a full - time communications intern for the jacksonville ,  fl area .  starting wage or salary up to $40 per hour .  job code  2 - 426fl .  environment described as  hardworking organization with positive attitude .  recruit gaap seeks someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  manage website ,  write quarterly newsletters ,  manage daily blog ,  and write invitations to local businesses for corporate events ,  provide set - up ,  welcome hospitality ,  public information ,  and event photography at press conferences .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  ability to multi - task and prioritize to meet deadlines ,  multicultural communications and international travel experience ,  experience communicating with all levels of an organization from executive management to front - line staff .  location  jacksonville ,  fl 32229 .      
 mslgroup north america is currently engaging talent for an internship in our washington ,  dc office .  the ideal candidate shows a desire to surpass expectations and a passion for learning new things at a communications and engagement agency .   responsibilities     assisting with day to day client activities – creation of press kits ,  coordination of events and meetings ,  development of media lists  ( online and offline )  ,  conducting outreach in the social media space .     developing relationships with digital and traditional media and continuously learning about new and emerging technologies .     daily monitoring of media for news and information about our clients .     social media monitoring for information about our clients .     writing assignments such as pitch letters ,  news releases ,  blog pitches and content calendars .     participating in brainstorming ,  office activities ,  staff meetings and client meetings .     researching and assisting with program and presentation development for existing clients and new prospects .     executing tactical elements of client programs from start to finish .      
 leverage your professional social media expertise as our social media intern .  in this business - critical  ( and downright fun !  !  )  role ,  your mission will be to increase member size and member activity within our online communities .    background in marketing ,  communication ,  or other related disciplines .    proficient in microsoft office word ,  excel ,  outlook  facebook ,  twitter & youtube ,  linked - in ,  blog writing   excellent written and oral communication skills  ability to market altair css with style ,  a  voice  and a hook that generates interest .    working knowledge of facebook ,  twitter & youtube ,  linked - in and blogs .    solid understanding of the internet and social media marketing best practices .    knowledge and love of social media and a willingness to learn how it fits into a marketing program .    highly organized ,  with an ability to prioritize time - sensitive assignments .    highly creative  -  good at coming up with new ideas  -  and willing to run with them .    strong ability to present ideas ,  concepts and workflows in a clear and engaging manner .    knowledge of constant contact ,  photoshop ,  and / or magento is preferred please note that this is a 15 - 25 hour / week internship .      
 in addition to learning what agency - life is like ,  gsd&m communications interns are generally responsible for   internal  craft internal e - mails and announcements ,  contribute to the agency s internal publication  -  city beat  external  write press releases and media announcements ,  assist with research projects ,  manage media books ,  online newsroom and press wall  online projects   - gathering assets / content for our online properties  - working with media relations to post news stories  - finding internal content to post about our people  ( photos ,  stories ,  videos )   - posting content to our various online properties & connecting content within these platforms  ( twitter ,  facebook ,  wikipedia ,  youtube ,  citynet )   - providing market research reports what other competitors are doing online ?  researching marketing trends in social media researching emerging interactive platforms  - working with our interactive production to help execute emerging platforms  ( the cms ,  newsroom ,  newsletter and blog )      
 this internship is your opportunity to explore the life of a marketer at hubspot .  we want independent thinkers who are prepared to take on serious responsibilities .  as an intern ,  you will join one of the marketing groups as an individual contributor and have the chance to develop and run your own campaigns .  what type of work might you do ?  you could work on product marketing ,  brand and buzz ,  or our marketing funnel team .  we match up your super powers with our teams .  this internship is a serious learning experience on the ins - and - outs of a high - growth company .  curious if you re a fit ?  here is what we re looking for  marketing excites you and you want to learn more .  you love to write and blog .  you ve researched inbound marketing on your own ,  and you get it .  you re analytical and have a thing for numbers .  you care about growing your own presence online via your own social profiles and personal blog .  you re ambitious and you work hard .  you are a do - er who loves fast - paced environments .  this internship runs january through april 2014 as either a part - time or full - time role .  it is a paid position .    mark if you prefer full - time or past time on your resume .    deadline to apply  november 8th ,  2013     
 we re on a hunt for a community management intern to join our fast - growing marketing team .  this role is about growing our communities online ,  engaging with existing communities ,  building brand awareness and making the idea of groing fresh herbs at home the fastest growing movement of the year .  responsibilities would be   -  you ll be communicating our news ,  our story and brand in social media .   -  follow through ideas to grow our community and encourage our growing customer base to co - create our community .   -  develop and manage our ambassadors program and our kickstarter backer community  -  gather and share customer stories  -  share content  ( blog posts / articles / video )  online and secure relationships with other websites to enable posting of our content .  requirements 100% digital native in social media .  you know every trick there is .  super - bright ,  and naturally creative a people person .  you must love people .  perfect written english .  benefits there is the possibility for this role to become a full - time position based on performance .  super cool office in san francisco golden gate co - working space  -  water ,  coffee ,  tea and beer on fridays available   )      
 the social media / blogging intern will play a major role in gaiam tv s social media outreach ,  blogging strategy ,  and marketing strategy .  duties include  posting on facebook and twitter monitoring facebook and twitter accounts monitoring facebook and twitter trends interacting with subscribers and prospects who contact us through our social media outlets researching and reporting on new social media trends and services finding and cultivating social media contacts to spread the word about gaiam tv assist in blog management ,  writing ,  and posting be up - to - date on current promotions qualifications  demonstrated proficiency in social media ability to meet deadlines superior writing skills ability to work effectively on a team and independently photoshop experience     
 the center for transportation studies solves old transportation problems in innovative new ways .  the center convenes diverse communities to brainstorm ,  debate ,  share ,  learn ,  and act .  and cts partners with local and global transportation professionals ,  stakeholders ,  businesses ,  and leaders to move new ideas from research to reality .       required  - excellent writing ,  editing ,  and communications skills  - organized ,  detail - oriented  - familiar with various social media platforms ,  including twitter ,  facebook ,  linkedin ,  and blogging  - currently enrolled university of minnesota student  undergraduates ,  a minimum of 6 . 0 credits and graduates ,  a minimum of 3 . 0 credits .   preferred  - experience using desktop publishing software  ( e . g .  ,  ms office ,  adobe cs )  and blogging platforms  ( e . g .  ,  movable type ,  wordpress )   - knowledge of chicago style  - major in english ,  communications studies ,  scientific and technical communication ,  journalism ,  marketing ,  or related field     
 twitter is looking for entry - level engineers to work on some of the most interesting technical challenges in the industry today .  these range from bite - sized feature development projects to large operational undertakings ,  such as building the systems that enable us to deliver fast ,  scalable and reliable services to users .  you ll also have the opportunity to work on web interfaces that will be seen and used by millions of people around the globe .  not only will you make a visible and immediate impact on our dynamic ecosystem ,  you will work alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry and thrive in a culture that always puts users first .  you should love finding simple solutions to complex problems ,  and care about not only the technical and algorithmic aspects of large systems ,  but the way they enable other teams to do their jobs .  you should have previous experience with web infrastructure ,  distributed systems ,  or component - oriented software engineering .  responsibilities   code using primarily java ,  scala ,  ruby ,  and c++ for the backend and in ruby ,  html / css ,  and javascript if you are doing more on the front end  ( project dependent )    work closely with ,  and incorporate feedback from ,  engineers from other teams at twitter ,  product management ,  and interaction designers   work on the scalability ,  resilience ,  and efficiency of backend components   build storage systems ,  libraries ,  and frameworks that let twitter grow   work in a team - oriented environment   pro - actively look for ways to make twitter better qualifications & desired skills   bs ,  ms ,  or phd in computer science or equivalent   experience or interest in distributed network systems   demonstrated open - source contribution   previous success in a performance - critical environment is a plus   knowledge of tcp / ip and network programming or developing / designing large software systems   entrepreneurial spirit additional info   please specify  university recruiting  under source ,  and enter the name of the university you are attending .    please attach a copy of your unofficial transcript  ( under  add an attachment  )  .    feel free to attach sample code and note if you’ve already done some work with our api   know someone at twitter or a professor who can vouch for your work / research ?  please note their name ( s )  in the space provided for the cover letter .  follow www . twitter . com / jointheflock for more recruiting info     code using primarily java ,  scala ,  ruby ,  and c++ for the backend and in ruby ,  html / css ,  and javascript if you are doing more on the front end  ( project dependent )    work closely with ,  and incorporate feedback from ,  engineers from other teams at twitter ,  product management ,  and interaction designers   work on the scalability ,  resilience ,  and efficiency of backend components   build storage systems ,  libraries ,  and frameworks that let twitter grow   work in a team - oriented environment   pro - actively look for ways to make twitter better   & desired skills   bs ,  ms ,  or phd in computer science or equivalent   experience or interest in distributed network systems   demonstrated open - source contribution   previous success in a performance - critical environment is a plus   knowledge of tcp / ip and network programming or developing / designing large software systems   entrepreneurial spirit additional info   please specify  university recruiting  under source ,  and enter the name of the university you are attending .    please attach a copy of your unofficial transcript  ( under  add an attachment  )  .    feel free to attach sample code and note if you’ve already done some work with our api   know someone at twitter or a professor who can vouch for your work / research ?  please note their name ( s )  in the space provided for the cover letter .  follow www . twitter . com / jointheflock for more recruiting info     
 apply for this job send jobvite warehouse assistant  -  sacramento  ( contract )  contractor — sacramento ,  ca job duties   receives incoming material shipments .    conveys materials to or from storage .    verifies receipts against delivery manifest and / or purchase order .    will be responsible for becoming certified to operate power equipment .    stocks merchandise in proper locations .    fills orders .    packs a variety of products .    assembles orders for pickup or for loading on delivery truck .    process customer returns .    performs cycle count job qualifications   run required equipment in a safe and controlled manner .    must have experience with freight ,  unloading trucks   general knowledge of computer equipment and handling   maintain a clean and organized work area and assist with housekeeping of the facility / work area .    general computer skills   highly organized and detail oriented education and experience   high school diploma or ged equivalent required .    1 year warehouse / distribution - related experience required .    experience in forklift operation required .  certification in forklift operation preferred .  apply for this job to check on an application you’ve submitted click here .  jobvite        run required equipment in a safe and controlled manner .    must have experience with freight ,  unloading trucks   general knowledge of computer equipment and handling   maintain a clean and organized work area and assist with housekeeping of the facility / work area .    general computer skills   highly organized and detail oriented education and experience   high school diploma or ged equivalent required .    1 year warehouse / distribution - related experience required .    experience in forklift operation required .  certification in forklift operation preferred .      
 this role is a unique opportunity within the ebay inc .  business incubation team .  the individual will be expected to help create and deliver on innovative new businesses that have the potential to be significant long - term opportunities for ebay .  this person will be a central figure in an entrepreneurial ,  fast tempo environment .     identify business opportunities ,  help define a product roadmap ,  and execute on all business functions  ( including strategy ,  marketing ,  customer research ,  sales ,  customer service ,  and operations )  to launch new businesses ,  products ,  and pilot projects with significant potential .     work with partners across multiple functions  ( business ,  product and technology )  to develop the overall product plan and roadmap for projects within the business incubation group .     identify and engage with external business partners .     pursue an entrepreneurial / small - team approach to product development and / or business development    partner with individuals in the core business to leverage ebay’s internal resources    be an avid user and a follower of emerging businesses and technologies in ecommerce ,  social media and the internet in general  job requirements    currently enrolled in a mba program    4+ years experience and solid track record in roles that demand both critical business thinking and execution ,  e . g .  in strategy ,  product management ,  program management ,  project management or market development ,  ideally with entrepreneurial project teams / companies .     experience in managing customers ,  e . g .  in account management ,  business development ,  client services or sales and marketing .     strong communication and interpersonal skills .  specifically ,  experience and confidence in interacting with people at all levels of an organization such as ebay ,  including pitching business ideas to both senior management and external partners .     an innovative thinker who enjoys working on business opportunities and developing new businesses thereof  prior experience with business incubation and innovation strongly desirable .     significant interest in and familiarity with established and emerging ecommerce trends  mobile ,  local ,  social media ,  b2b ecommerce etc .     a strong and consistent track record of academic and professional accomplishments .     intellectual curiosity ,  analytical mindset ,  problem solver ,  creative thinker ,  a hands - on attitude .   education mba or equivalent  shift day     
 ebay enterprise  ebay enterprise helps companies of all sizes drive commerce growth –delivering exceptional ,  engaging shopping experiences online and offline .  ebay enterprise enables omnichannel commerce ,  multichannel retailing and digital marketing for the world’s premier retailers and brands .  ebay enterprise’s comprehensive omnichannel strategies and solutions ,  including commerce technologies ,  multichannel operations and marketing solutions ,  help its clients grow faster than the industry and faster than they could on their own .  ebay enterprise enables retailers and brands to drive consumer engagement experiences across all touch points of the purchase lifecycle—anytime ,  anywhere and on any device .   ebay enterprise operations  ebay enterprise s omnichannel operations capabilities are tailored to meet business needs with speed and quality .   ebay enterprise owns and operates 3 million square feet of fulfillment space and four call centers domestically and internationally with the aim to serve customers as quickly and efficiently as possible .   customer care tier i  a successful representative customer care tier i will possess the following attributes     six months customer service or sales experience preferably in call a center or retail environment such as the sporting goods ,  high - end luxury ,  gifting or general merchandise markets .    flexibility to work a non - traditional schedule on a year - round basis .    customer service experience ,  preferably in a high - volume call center in the sporting goods ,  high - end luxury ,  gifting or general merchandise markets .    experience with database / internet research .    the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  individuals will need to sit for long periods of time possibly up to 95% .  may require walking primarily on a level surface for periodic periods throughout the day .  reaching above shoulder heights ,  below the waist or lifting as required  job requirements   ability to read and interpret documents such as procedure manuals ,  work instructions ,  software manuals .     ability to write routine reports / notes and correspondence .  ability to speak and communicate well with customers .    ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written ,  oral ,  or diagram form .    ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations   ability to effectively communication both written and orally to customers .    basic project management skills  -  ability to work closely with clients and peers to continually understand and anticipate their needs   excellent computer skills and strong typing abilities  ( at least 30 words per minute )  ,  must have a high degree of accuracy in both spelling and grammar .    problem solving ,  business analysis and quantitative skills .  candidates must be capable of conducting proactive measures in seeking solutions to client and / or business problems .    above - average phone manner ,  email experience ,  follow - up skills ,  organizational skills ,  lucid writing skills ,  and superior conflict resolution and interpersonal skills   ability to solve problems to improves customers satisfaction the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job .  they are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities ,  skills ,  efforts or working conditions associated with a job  education diploma or equivalent  shift varies     
 primary job responsibilities  this is a challenging ,  highly technical quality engineering role requiring analytical ,  innovative thinkers who can build cutting edge testing technologies and use next - generation automation techniques to successfully certify and automate ebay s core marketplace platform  a global ,  distributed component architecture serving 100+ million visits a week which remains the largest ecommerce platform in the world .  write automation testing in java ,  junit ,  selenium and other internal java - based automation frameworks for frontend ,  soa / services and messaging components contribute to developing sophisticated ,  stable ,  internal java automation frameworks increasing efficiency ,  re - usability and flexibility supporting a 100+ person qa organization .  help develop and enhance ebay s continuous integration framework ,  merging build / compile / test / validate processes with scheduling ,  automated notifications and graduated build deployments contribute to development of environment management ,  test automation admin and monitoring tools for a large scale ,  distributed component agile testing environment supporting hundreds of quality engineers and developers across over 1000 servers work with engineers ,  team leads ,  managers to help developing innovative testing solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality ,  performance ,  scalability ,  reliability ,  realistic implementation schedules ,  and adherence to testing goals and principles participate in knowledge sharing sessions ,  present test engineering solutions to others job requirements  master s degree in cs ,  ee or other related technical field +1 year working experience ,  or bachelor s +2 years working experience experience developing and / or testing soap / xml / rest and / or java / junit and java based applications required experience working on windows nt and unix / linux systems experience with oracle rdbms ,  being able to read and write sql queries experience with scripting languages such as perl ,  python ,  etc is a plus .  planning skills to design test plans and test cases for new assigned features ,  developing test tools for white - box testing .  problem solving skills using programmatic solutions ability to communicate effectively with developers ,  operations ,  release management ability to understand and articulate how changes in technology impact customer experience ,  able to lead the test effort and defining strategic testing approach experience in agile testing practices is a plus email resumes to lnyquist@ebay . com for immediate consideration java test selenium     
 title  big data developer ,  junior location  maryland - annapolis junction other locations  key role  research ,  design ,  analyze ,  and modify enterprise - wide systems and applications software .  support the planning of system and development deployment and meet software compliance standards .  evaluate the interface between hardware and software ,  operational requirements ,  and characteristics of the overall system .  document testing and maintenance of system corrections and apply technical principles ,  theories ,  and concepts .  develop solutions to routine technical problems of limited scope .  work under close supervision ,  follow specific and detailed instructions ,  and contribute to the completion of routine technical tasks .  interact with immediate supervisors ,  project leaders ,  and other professionals in the section or group .  basic qualifications   - experience with software packages ,  including java  - knowledge of data analytics  - ability to learn cloud technologies additional qualifications   - ba or bs degree preferred integrating the full range of consulting capabilities ,  booz allen is the one firm that helps clients solve their toughest problems ,  working by their side to help them achieve their missions .  booz allen is committed to delivering results that endure .  we are proud of our diverse environment ,  eoe ,  m / f / d / v .      
 description simple energy is a fast - paced ,  boulder - based startup .  we graduated techstars in 2011 and have continued to growing and improving since .  we are changing the world by helping people understand and reduce their energy consumption .  we’re looking for someone to join our team and help us change the world .  we are searching for an experienced ,  disciplined data engineer who is passionate about changing the way millions of people save energy .  you’ll work with the engineering and delivery teams to build and maintain our development and deployment infrastructure .  you’ll be a part of developing a robust backend architecture to manage complex datasets and leveraging them to deliver a compelling experience to users across our web and mobile offerings .  plus you’ll work on a great team and get excellent benefits and stock options in a fast - growing local company .  requirements include  1 .  experience with scala 2 .  experience using non - relational data stores and data processing frameworks in a production environment ,  like cassandra and hadoop 3 .  prior data mining experience 4 .  an understanding of mathematics that goes beyond basic arithmetic  -  probability ,  regression analysis and calculus could be one of your first loves .  5 .  knowledge of  ( or willing to learn )  enough python ,  django and php to understand our middleware and pitch in when required 6 .  experience with continuous integration and test driven development 7 .  an understanding of distributed systems fundamentals 8 .  a solid understanding of algorithmic complexity and data structures 9 .  experience building web services nice to haves  1 .  experience using background job  /  queueing systems .  2 .  experience with log aggregation and opinions on different logging infrastructure solutions .  benefits every simple energy employee gets  competitive salary an equity stake in simple energy getting to live in one of the greatest places in the world – boulder  ( we re a little biased )  health insurance coverage macbook air or macbook pro — you ll always have the tools you need to get the job done .  ski pass  ( vail ,  beaver creek ,  breck ,  a - basin ,  and keystone )  rocky mountain national park annual pass     
 kyxy 96 . 5 & kegy energy 103 . 7 are looking for outgoing ,  energetic ,  responsible and dependable individuals to join our part - time promotions team .  members of the team are responsible for promoting the image of the stations at various events and appearances around san diego .   duties include transporting ,  setting up and tearing down equipment ,  meeting and greeting listeners ,  and conducting giveaways .  the ideal candidate is a team player with a positive attitude ,  feels comfortable interacting with the public ,  and conducts themself in a professional manner .  this is not a desk job !       must be at least 18 years old ,  with a valid driver s license and excellent driving record   be able to lift 50 pounds without exertion  have a flexible schedule  -  able to work days / evenings / weekends / holidays as necessary .      
 cbs corporation  ( nyse  cbs . a and cbs )  is a mass media company that creates and distributes industry - leading content across a variety of platforms to audiences around the world .  the company has businesses with origins that date back to the dawn of the broadcasting age as well as new ventures that operate on the leading edge of media .  cbs owns the most - watched television network in the u . s .  and one of the world’s largest libraries of entertainment content ,  making its brand  -  “the eye”  -  one of the most recognized in business .  the company’s operations span virtually every field of media and entertainment ,  including cable ,  publishing ,  radio ,  local tv ,  film ,  outdoor advertising ,  and interactive and socially responsible media .  cbs’s businesses include cbs television network ,  the cw  ( a joint venture between cbs corporation and warner bros .  entertainment )  ,  showtime networks ,  cbs sports network ,  tvgn  ( a joint venture between cbs corporation and lionsgate )  ,  smithsonian networks ,  simon & schuster ,  cbs television stations ,  cbs radio ,  cbs outdoor ,  cbs television studios ,  cbs global distribution group  ( cbs studios international and cbs television distribution )  ,  cbs interactive ,  cbs consumer products ,  cbs home entertainment ,  cbs films and cbs ecomedia .  job description cbs corporate ip / trademarks team seeks a database clerk to support four lawyers ,  four paralegals ,  a records clerk and an assistant .  this group supports cbs corp and each of its divisions for trademark clearance ,  maintenance and enforcement ,  domain name administration and copyright enforcement ,  policy and practices .  the department also undertakes copyright enforcement work .  responsibilities manage the trademark database currently holding 8 , 000+ domestic and foreign trademark registrations and thousands of disputes and contracts daily docketing of trademark prosecution ,  maintenance ,  enforcement and contracts with detailed data entry including all deadlines prepare monthly docket reports and regular status reports to clients on trademark portfolios run regularly scheduled audit reports to locate and resolve data irregularities communicate regularly with the trademarks team concerning data and software communicate regularly with the software provider to ensure that the data and reports are responsive to the needs of the trademarks team ,  requesting clarification of functions and additional functions if needed master the cbs database handbook which illustrates cbs - specific required fields and adaptations of the software obtain assistance from the records clerk when docketing assistance is required assist records clerk with physical or electronic file work as needed required qualifications previous experience with trademark database administration or other database administration familiarity with the life cycle of trademarks strong knowledge of ms word ,  excel ,  uspto database and saegis substantial experience with a trademark database docketing system ( s )  must be able to communicate with the trademarks team and the software provider to resolve any discrepancies between the team’s needs and the software’s functionality must be able to work independently  manage scheduled reports and audits strong attention to detail and analytical and organizational skills are essential college degree or equivalent experience strong communication skills  ( both written and verbal )  eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer  -  m / f / d / v 000plus industrydashleading mostdashwatched cbsdashspecific ipslashtrademarks mslashf dslashv     
 research ,  design ,  analyze ,  and modify enterprise - wide systems and applications software .  support the planning of system and development deployment and meet software compliance standards .  evaluate the interface between hardware and software ,  operational requirements ,  and characteristics of the overall system .  document testing and maintenance of system corrections and apply technical principles ,  theories ,  and concepts .  develop solutions to routine technical problems of limited scope .  work under close supervision ,  follow specific and detailed instructions ,  and contribute to the completion of routine technical tasks .  interact with immediate supervisors ,  project leaders ,  and other professionals in the section or group .     - experience with software packages ,  including java - knowledge of data analytics - ability to learn cloud technologies     
 are you intrigued by   big data   and passionate about finding innovative ways to use online data ?  then we d like to talk to you .  you d get to work on our social polling application ,  trendsetter ,  do data analysis projects for clients ,  and take on any independent project that strikes your fancy .  applicants should be current college or graduate students in a quantitative field  ( statistics or business analytics preferred )  .  we re happy to help you arrange for academic credit .  this internship is part - time .  stipend is based on hours .  qualifications  experience with a sql - based query language strong excel skills prior work or research related to online data     
 finding the right job is a challenge for anyone .  have you ever wanted to use your knowledge of scientific methods to help match job seekers with the best opportunities for them ?  at bright ,  this could be your chance !  this is an opportunity to make your mark in the job search space by developing a scientifically proven backbone for new tools ,  which will help job seekers and employers alike .  you won t be inheriting tools that only need to be maintained  -  you will be building them from scratch .  bright harnesses the power of big data to help eliminate the noise in the hiring process  -  efficiently connecting job seekers to their best opportunities ,  and employers to their top prospects .  we aren t just innovating the online job search  -  we are building technology that moves the entire labor market ,  faster .  the data science team at bright is looking for interns to help us perfect the bright score ,  our predictive person - job fit metric .  our ideal candidate possesses a bachelor’s ,  master’s ,  or ph . d in mathematics ,  statistics ,  computer science ,  engineering ,  science ,  or similarly technical field .  as soon as you arrive at bright ,  you will be .  .  .  helping us solve real - world problems using large volumes of semi - structured data develop complex algorithms to answer important product questions partner with the product team  /  engineering team to implement your algorithms requirements  strong grasp of linear algebra and statistics experience with a statistical software package  ( e . g .  r ,  weka ,  stata ,  matlab )  familiarity with a scripting language  ( e . g .  python perl ,  ruby )  bonus points  understanding of statistical inference / machine learning algorithms  ( e . g .  regression techniques ,  clustering ,  collaborative filtering ,  bayesian non - parametrics )  experience with   big data   tools  ( hadoop ,  lucene )  experience with natural language processing     
 seasonal part time promotions assistant  cbs radio charlotte is looking for energetic ,  hard working ,  and creative individuals to join our promotions team .  responsibilities include working on location at radio station events ,  live broadcasts ,  interacting with listeners and some clerical duties .   the ideal candidate is outgoing ,  efficient ,  and capable of multi - tasking in a lively paced environment .       the right candidate must be a professional and a proven team player with customer focus . proficient in microsoft office  ( i . e .  word ,  excel ,  outlook ,  power point )  .  must be able to work days / evenings / weekends .  must be able to work multiple events in one day .  great driving record required .  marketing or communications experience a plus .      
 administrative assistant ii ,  computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory  ( csail )   ( part - time ,  30 hrs / wk .  )  ,  to coordinate all aspects of the day - to - day operations associated with running the bigdata@csail initiative .    will provide calendar management and organizational support for the executive director  organize all logistics for high profile and internal events  coordinate the communications associated with marketing and providing event information to members and / or the community  collaborate with the csail communications team on press / media opportunities  utilize web software and wikis to input ,  update ,  and maintain web content for big data  manage member renewal process utilizing salesforce  maintain relationships with current member companies including proactively reaching out to members and initiating communications with member companies  support expansion of big data by assisting in coordinating projects and creating promotional / communications materials  and perform other duties as requested .   job requirements  required   a high school diploma or its equivalent  a minimum of three years’ administrative experience  self - motivation  a proactive approach to accomplishing a variety of tasks  advanced computer skills including a solid understanding of sapweb and microsoft word ,  excel ,  and powerpoint  ability to post and edit website content  ( familiarity with drupal preferred )   excellent interpersonal skills for interacting with faculty ,  staff ,  and visitors  attention to detail ,  good judgment ,  tact ,  and discretion  the ability to remain calm under pressure  exceptional organizational ,  project management ,  and writing skills  experience with all aspects of event planning  and ability to work both independently and as part of a team .  experience with desktop publishing software and salesforce a major plus .   bachelor’s degree preferred .   job #10489 - 5  schedule to be determined ,  but be available to work additional hours around events ,  including some nights and weekends .   9 / 16 / 13  back to top     
 kmax tv is looking for a temporary production assistant to work on good day sacramento .   candidates for this temporay part - time position should have excellent multi - tasking abilities with good writing skills .   you will run tele - prompter ,  post stories on - line ,  assist in assignment desk duties and other tasks as needed for production of newscasts .       college / university enrolled     
 cbs was established in 1928 ,  when founder william paley purchased 16 independent radio stations and christened them the columbia broadcast system .  today ,  with more than 200 television stations and affiliates reaching virtually every home in the united states ,  cbs s total primetime network lineup is watched by more than 130 million people a week during the 2010 / 2011 season .  the network has the #1 drama / scripted program ,  ncis  #1 sitcom ,  two and a half men  #1 newsmagazine ,  60 minutes  and #1 daytime drama ,  the young and the restless .  its programming arms include cbs entertainment ,  cbs news and cbs sports .  job description update the computer system for sales and commercial inventory dollars .  produce automated sales and contracts and form letters .  interact and maintain relationships with account executives ,  sales service department and management .  perform various administrative duties .  required qualifications must be detail oriented andaccurate  able to meet tight deadlines  detail oriented  and able to work effectively in a team environment .  excellent communication and interpersonal skills required .  must be computer proficient .  college degree preferred but not required .  schedule can vary at peak times ,  requiring overtime .  eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer  -  m / f / d / v 2010slash2011 dramaslashscripted mslashf dslashv     
 administrative assistant ii ,  computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory  ( csail )   ( part - time ,  30 hrs / wk .  )  ,  to coordinate all aspects of the day - to - day operations associated with running the bigdata@csail initiative .    will provide calendar management and organizational support for the executive director  organize all logistics for high profile and internal events  coordinate the communications associated with marketing and providing event information to members and / or the community  collaborate with the csail communications team on press / media opportunities  utilize web software and wikis to input ,  update ,  and maintain web content for big data  manage member renewal process utilizing salesforce  maintain relationships with current member companies including proactively reaching out to members and initiating communications with member companies  support expansion of big data by assisting in coordinating projects and creating promotional / communications materials  and perform other duties as requested .   job requirements  required   a high school diploma or its equivalent  a minimum of three years’ administrative experience  self - motivation  a proactive approach to accomplishing a variety of tasks  advanced computer skills including a solid understanding of sapweb and microsoft word ,  excel ,  and powerpoint  ability to post and edit website content  ( familiarity with drupal preferred )   excellent interpersonal skills for interacting with faculty ,  staff ,  and visitors  attention to detail ,  good judgment ,  tact ,  and discretion  the ability to remain calm under pressure  exceptional organizational ,  project management ,  and writing skills  experience with all aspects of event planning  and ability to work both independently and as part of a team .  experience with desktop publishing software and salesforce a major plus .   bachelor’s degree preferred .   job #10489 - 5  schedule to be determined ,  but be available to work additional hours around events ,  including some nights and weekends .   9 / 16 / 13  move up     
 salesforce . com has one of the best information security teams in the world and growing this piece of the business is a top priority !  our information security teams work hand in hand with the business to ensure the highest security around all of our applications .  the trust technology team is looking for an individual to join our team as we a ?  ? think biga ?  .  with massive amounts of application ,  system ,  and network intelligence ,  wea ?  ? re looking for new ways to find especially sharp and dangerous needles in our haystack .  as a key member of our growing detection and response team ,  you will think differently about security ,  developing and implementing novel security data analysis techniques .  write reports ,  stored queries ,  and dashboards for our near real - time log analysis platform assist in architecture of big - data based storage of security logs assist with implementation of big - data log storage and analytics platform develop security log analytics build models to describe network ,  system ,  and user behavior research and develop ways to detect anomalous behavior required skills  experience with linux / unix systems administration experience with hadoop must have strong verbal and written communication skills ,  especially for documentation purposes desired skills  background with fraud detection / monitoring algorithms and / or systems machine learning experience internship program experience  during the 12 - week internship you will have the opportunity to learn from and network with salesforce . com employees and your peers in the program .  you will attend a brief company orientation and will receive additional training from your team while on the job .  your learning experience will continue through lunch & learn events with executives ,  philanthropic and team building events ,  and networking events for interns and teams in san francisco .  in addition ,  you will be matched with a mentor to provide advice and guidance throughout the summer .  therea ?  ? s never been a better time to explore an internship at salesforce . com  .  about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and     
 cbs radio in phoenix is looking for a digital sales specialist to generate online revenue through display ,  directory ,  network and other digital solutions .  cbs radio in phoenix consists of a cluster of three of the most well - known and highly regarded radio stations in the market—kool 94 . 5 fm  ( kool - fm )  ,  kmle @107 . 9  ( kmle - fm )  ,  and live 101 . 5  ( kzon - fm )  .   responsibilities include the following     generate online revenue through display ,  directory ,  network and other digital solutions .     manage your own leads by utilizing online and other media sources to cultivate new leads and develop and maintain a robust pipeline of business .     implement the full sales cycle to grow new business  introductory calls ,  qualifying ,  customer needs analysis ,  create a solution ,  present and close .     spend at least 30% of work time engaging in sales and solicitations outside of the office .     responsible for exceeding sales budget and collection of sold accounts .     maintain account lists while soliciting new business .     prepare sales literature and advertising proposals .     develop and maintain relationships with clients by providing top quality service .     investigate and resolve customer problems .     communicate with other departments to assure quality service in placing orders .     attend sales meetings and training sessions .         minimum 2 years experience in online marketing and web - based applications is required     must have a basic knowledge of microsoft office     excellent organization and time management skills are required     must be self - motivated ,  self - disciplined ,  have a positive attitude and be an effective communicator     a valid driver license ,  vehicle insurance and dependable transportation required     must be a high school graduate or have ged  college preferred .      
 the internal controls department is responsible for internal controls compliance for cbs corporate .   the intern will be responsible for assisting in the department s sox compliance initiatives .   the position is ideally suited for students actively pursuing an undergraduate degree in accounting or finance .  the ideal applicant would be in their junior or senior year with a minimum 3 . 5 gpa .  excellent analytical skills ,  detail - oriented and the ability to perform multiple tasks are essential requirements .  candidates must also be highly proficient in excel .   this is a paid internship .  students must commit from sept to may / june and work 15 - 18 hours per week .  this position is located in midtown - manhattan and interns must be able to commute into nyc daily .   responsibilities     provide ongoing support for the documentation ,  testing and administration of the company’s internal control evaluation process .     participate in sox testing .     perform period - end diagnostics .     work on various excel projects .     update and maintain annual narratives ,  semi - annual financial spreadsheets inventory and flowcharts .     semiannual internal controls training .     responsible for keeping abreast with developments affecting area of sox and informing management of new developments and pronouncements .     assist in the department s daily activity and various ad hoc assignments .         junior or senior actively pursuing an undergraduate degree in accounting or finance at accredited college / university .     minimum 3 . 5 gpa    able to work from sept  -  may / june  15 - 18 hours per week    able to commute into nyc daily    proficient in ms excel     
 looking for an internship ?  come work at canceriq  !  !  we re a fun ,  young group of entrepreneurs working to solve problems in the high cost world of oncology .  canceriq is an early stage ,  health care informatics startup using big data to deliver precision medicine .  we are currently working out of the rock health summer accelerator program in san francisco ,  where you ll get a chance to network with and receive mentorship from some of the biggest names in oncology ,  health care ,  health tech ,  and investment community .  we re currently looking for a business development intern with the following  responsibilities help prepare investor and customer pitches and presentations manage and maintain relationships with customers and pilot programs source potential new investigators and pilot programs conduct product / research interviews requirements excellent communication and writing skills good research and problem - solving skills must enjoy working in an open ,  fast - paced team environment  able to multi - task strong computer skills ,  including knowledge of excel ,  word ,  and powerpoint .  bonus points  experience or strong interest in start up companies graphic design ,  web design ,  or creative skills experience and / or strong interest in the health - care sector located in or near san francisco ,  california  ( or willing to re - locate )  perks  working with a fun ,  young team of professionals laid back work environment develop skills vitally important in today s fast - paced work environment including team - based interaction ,  goal setting ,  and strategic planning developing relations and networking with leaders in media ,  health care ,  research ,  and technology .  opportunity to participate at the rock health accelerator program ,  a first seed accelerator for digital health startups ,  bringing together the brightest minds in health and technology to build better solutions .  through the program ,  interns can meet amazing people from a variety of fields including other healthcare startups ,  pharmaceutical companies and cros ,  as well as venture capitalists and corporations like ge and nike !      
 auto req id 16074br job title library clerk job type full time cbs business unit cbs television network location nj - secaucus about us cbs was established in 1928 ,  when founder william paley purchased 16 independent radio stations and christened them the columbia broadcast system .  today ,  with more than 200 television stations and affiliates reaching virtually every home in the united states ,  cbs  s total primetime network lineup is watched by more than 130 million people a week during the 2010 / 2011 season .  the network has the #1 drama / scripted program ,  ncis  #1 sitcom ,  two and a half men  #1 newsmagazine ,  60 minutes  and #1 daytime drama ,  the young and the restless .  its programming arms include cbs entertainment ,  cbs news and cbs sports .  job description video tape library position is responsible for logging and tracking all distribution masters for cwd and showtime .  responsible fro pulling and staging materials needed for internal work orders driving broadcast fulfillment .  position communicates with showtime on daily work and weekly cleanouts .  required qualifications some college preferred .  excelelnt organization skills .  attention to detail .  eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer – m / f / d / v     
 jr .  sql data analyst great opportunity to jump start your career in data analysis !  locations  ? atlanta ,  ga ?   dallas ,  tx ?   ?  company overview headquartered in atlanta ,  georgia ,  ql2 software llc  ( ql2 )  has a global footprint with customer and operations concentrations in emea ,  asia and the americas .  ?  ql2 is a rapidly growing internet software company in the big data and analytics space .  ? gathering hundreds of millions of data elements daily from the internet and other unstructured sources ,  ql2 s advanced real - time search technology and analytical tools drive business intelligence ,  price optimization ,  and revenue management for large enterprises in the world s most competitive industries .  ?  ql2s top end user markets are travel  ( air ,  vacation ,  rental car ,  ota ,  train and coach )   ( travel )  ,  and clicks and mortar retailers ,  manufacturers and retail energy providers  ( retail )  ,  focused on pricing and inventory data and analytics .  ?   ?  ?  position description  ?  the opportunity in an era of data explosion ,  companies are having a hard time dealing with the complexity of data aggregation and analysis for real - time decision making .  companies want big data made simple and actionable .  that is the ql2 promise .  ql2 allows companies to drive revenue and profits by providing real - time data and analytics for price and product assortment information core to the worlds commodity industries .  ql2 has immense potential to expand in these markets while also addressing internet price and data challenges on the forefront of e - commerce .   ?  we are looking for an analyst with strong analytical abilities ,  attention to detail and follow - through .  the analyst should have a customer - centric focus and a proven ability to work effectively across functions in the organization .   ?  responsibilities complete webql ? language ? training sessions generation of specifications for webql scripts testing and validation of scripts created by other team members troubleshooting and updating of scripts maintenance of script versions during the development ,  testing and production lifecycle phases enforcement of error handling standards across scripts and markets  ?  position requirements must have ba  /  bs degree in a technical discipline  ( mis ,  cis ,  or other technical degree )  must have sql development experience experience using web development tools experience utilzing ? web development languages  /  tools  ( html ,  javascript ,  css )  skilled in regular experssions knowledge of website design demonstrated business ,  communication ,  leadership and teamwork abilities are required prior experience with the development lifecycle excellent oral and written communication skills experience working with geographically distributed development teams experience with testing and quality assurance familiarity ? with unix ? platform desired qualifications knowledge of retail pricing and cloud architectures are a plus .  ql2 software ,  llc is an equal opportunity employer .  ?   ?    development lifecycle     
previous broadcast traffic department experience preferred .  must be able to effectively manage and meet deadlines as well as be able to work under pressure .  prior computer and data entry experience is required .  high school graduate preferred .       essential duties & responsibilities include the following   ·   assist the traffic department with daily activities .  ·   assist the traffic department with continuity and post log functions ·   enter sales orders .  ·   assist in the production of daily broadcast logs .  ·   assist in the reconciliation of broadcast logs .  ·   assist sales staff with resolving preemptions .  ·   print and distribute reports .  ·   additional duties and responsibilities may be assigned as necessary .     
 ref - code us - 57398279 - en - 13 - 002 work area software  -  development operations expected travel 0%  -  10% career status  employment type limited full time company description sap is the global market leader for business software and thus contributes a considerable part of the world  s economic power grid .  at sap you get your chance to put your ideas into action with maximum impact . business analytics sakp team is engaged with building and packaging analytical apps for specific industries and lobs with strong focus on hana to drive fast adoption and ease of implementation with our customers  .  we deliver innovation at a rapid pace of delivery and are the new default for gtm for new products .  the role involves being engaged with building and supporting customer engagements with analytics  ( bi ,  mobile… )  and hana topics and becoming a champion in big data and analytics .  it will be great opportunity to learn and work on this emerging areas of analytics and big data and how to build analytical apps  ,  understanding saps strategy towards hana and how customers use and implement hana mobile analytics ,  and other advanced technologies  ( predictive… )  that are shaping the future of technology and innovation .  expectations and tasks expectations • understanding of business analytics area ,  business intelligence tools and hana • good technical knowledge in one of these areas  hana  ( modeling  -  analytical ,  calculation views ,  migration .  .  )   ,  bi 4 . x tools  ( business objects explorer ,  predictive analytics ,  xcelsius ,  webi ,   .  .  )  ,  data integration tools  ( like data services )  ,  scripting languages like python ,  html 5 , bexx ,  .  .  tasks • help in developing packaged analytical and hana apps for on premise ,  on demand & ondevice .  • work in some of the new bi & hana packages like net margin analysis 2  ( a2o )  ,  predictive analytics ,  trade promotion effectiveness ,  … • participate in daily operational activities during the package building phase as needed .  work experience good technical mind - set  ,  ability to code and build analytics ,  good understanding of databases ,  or application development / configuration and hands - on experience in one of these areas  i )  xcelsius ,  explorer ,  webi , … using bi 4 . x versions ii )  good coding knowledge in languages like python ,  … iii )  hana modeling  ( analytical ,  calculation views , … )  iv )  data integration and migration tools  ( like data services… )  education and qualification  /  skills and competencies computer science background ,  engineering6 mos ft  ( 40hrs / wk )  internship     
 the supply sales representative is a customer service role that is responsible for fulfilling supply order requests ,  and maintaining excellent customer relations .  this is a temporary position that has potential of becoming a permanent position .  please only apply if you are available to start immediately .  duties  calling customers /  receiving customers calls for office equipment supplies .  inputting & processing supply shipments .  organize with parts and shipping departments the processing of all supply orders .  supporting cbs sales force and clients regarding supply analysis and requirements .  provide support to the supply return process .  actively participate in quarterly inventories .  other duties as neededqualifications ability to speak ,  read and write in english .  high school degree or equivalent -  college degree preferred ,  but not required .  1 - 2+ years of office experience preferred .  1 - 2+ years of customer service experience preferred .  excellent phone skills ability to communicate with customers in an enthusiastic and professional manner .  great attention to detail solid organizational skills ability to multitask advanced computer skills  -  microsoft office suite especially excel .  sit for extended periods of time in an office environment  -  i . e .  at a desk ,  in meeting room occasional bending and kneeling during quarterly inventory cbs is an equal opportunity /  aa employer m / f / d / v ,  and maintains a drug - free workplace .      
 we are seeking   a talented designer with print and web design chops that’s fearless and willing to tackle a wide variety of projects .  this role demands both the traditional skills of a print designer  ( composition & typography )  and a solid understanding of basic web technologies  ( html ,  css ,  and cmss )  .   extra credit   goes to those candidates with a familiarity in video production or ping pong prowess .  this is a solid opportunity for anyone looking to gain experience working in a high - energy software company .   the daily grind   web  ·         work with internal groups to produce content and design new pages for vertica . com and my . vertica . com as needed .   ·         create forms ,  web banners ,  infographics ,  and other supporting materials to supplement existing pages .   ·         make general site updates as new content and programs are produced—content ranges from news articles and blog posts to white papers ,  data sheets and other resources .   ·         facilitate a / b testing with new graphics and page redesigns .   print  ·         work with product marketing team to layout and produce print collateral using appropriate brand approved templates .   ·         support our events coordinator in designing tradeshow collateral ,  including advertisements ,  brochures ,  and posters .   presentations  ·         work with product marketing and executive team to create corporate slide decks that tell the story of hp vertica .   ·         design imagery and infographics that simplify messaging .   who we are   hp vertica is the leading provider of next - generation analytics platforms enabling customers to monetize all of their data .  vertica’s elasticity ,  scale ,  performance ,  and simplicity are unparalleled in the industry ,  delivering 50x - 1000x the performance of traditional solutions at 30% the total cost of ownership .  vertica’s analytics platform provides organizations with a robust solution for organizing big data on a massive scale in real time and powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally .  vertica powers some of the largest organizations and most innovative business models globally including zynga ,  groupon ,  twitter ,  verizon ,  guess inc .  ,  admeld ,  capital iq ,  mozilla ,  at&t ,  and comcast .          education and experience required   bachelors degree 1st year of master s program completed     
 the extreme blue internship experience combines great talent and cutting edge technology to drive innovation .  through the program ,  interns have filed over 500 patent disclosures ,  helping to create solutions for clients and bring to market the next generation of ibm products .   unlike other intern programs that may relegate a student to work on outdated technology ,  extreme blue interns work on leading technology that helps grow your skills and make you a more attractive candidate in the technology field .  interns in this high performance environment get to roll up their sleeves and work with hot technologies like cloud computing ,  business analytics & mobile technologies .   extreme blue teams are like mini - businesses that must solve a problem or create a solution for a client .  the interns work in small project teams that include business and technical students ,  along with ibm mentors .  each extreme blue team is part of a larger lab environment that includes multiple intern teams and a dedicated staff .  this combination creates a team dynamic that fosters collaboration and helps interns create both a business and technical case for a project while setting aggressive goals to ensure the end deliverable is extreme enough to survive a competitive marketplace .   the following skills are particularly in demand    mobile development    html5 / css and javascript  ( including node . js )     big data analytics  ( such as hadoop experience )   required   bachelor s degree   basic knowledge in use programming languages   english  fluent  preferred   engineering   basic knowledge in javascript ,  java ,  c ,  c++ or other oo language   at least 6 months experience in use programming languages  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   engineering   basic knowledge in javascript ,  java ,  c ,  c++ or other oo language   at least 6 months experience in use programming languages     
 looking for an outstanding entry level account executive responsible for developing ,  maintaining and servicing accounts .  this is an outside sales position responsible for generating revenue by prospecting and selling multi - media solutions for kdka - tv ,  wpcw - tv and cbs . com .       previous sales experience a plus .  qualified candidate must have effective oral and written communication abilities and strong interpersonal skills .   college degree preferred .      
 about placeiq is a rapidly growing ,  venture funded “big data” business with a tremendous opportunity to become the market leader in the exploding location intelligence marketplace .  starting with an extensive library of unstructured / unrelated geospatial ,  temporal and social data ,  placeiq transforms information into time and location context .  revolutionary techniques in data mining and machine learning at scale are being developed on a daily basis to uncover the reality of the world like no other company can .  having already assembled a exceptionally skilled ,  diverse and passionate team ,  we are looking for candidates with several years of experience in marketing or a related field .  mba students or candidates pursuing graduate degree are preferred .  the marketing intern will be working directly with the vp of marketing to take on a diverse scope of responsibilities including marketing research projects ,  event management and ,  depending on experience ,  marketing strategy .  our ideal candidate must be a fantastic writer who can craft eloquent copy for the company website and assist with case study development for both internal and client - facing presentations .  in addition ,  we expect our marketing intern to handle some interdepartmental responsibilities along side our product and account management teams .  our unique culture breeds     
 auto req id 16076br job title account executive job type full time cbs business unit cbs television stations station kdka - tv location pa - pittsburgh about us cbs television stations consists of 29 owned - and - operated stations ,  including 16 that are part of the cbs television network ,  eight affiliates of the cw network ,  three independent stations and two mynetworktv affiliates .  among its stations are wcbs - tv and wlny - tv  ( new york )  ,  kcbs - tv and kcal - tv  ( los angeles )  ,  wbbm - tv  ( chicago )  ,  kyw - tv and wpsg - tv  ( philadelphia )  ,  ktvt - tv and ktxa - tv  ( dallas - ft .  worth )  ,  kpix - tv and kbcw - tv  ( san francisco )  ,  wbz - tv and wsbk - tv  ( boston )  ,  wupa - tv  ( atlanta )  ,  wwj - tv and wkbd - tv  ( detroit )  ,  kstw - tv  ( seattle )  ,  wtog - tv  ( tampa - st .  petersburg )  ,  wcco - tv  ( minneapolis )  ,  kcnc - tv  ( denver )  ,  wfor - tv and wbfs - tv  ( miami )  ,  kovr - tv and kmax - tv  ( sacramento )  ,  kdka - tv and wpcw - tv  ( pittsburgh )  ,  wjz - tv  ( baltimore )  ,  as well as wcco - tv s satellite stations kcco - tv  ( alexandria ,  minn .  )  and kccw - tv  ( walker ,  minn .  )  .  job description looking for an outstanding entry level account executive responsible for developing ,  maintaining and servicing accounts .  this is an outside sales position responsible for generating revenue by prospecting and selling multi - media solutions for kdka - tv ,  wpcw - tv and cbs . com .  required qualifications strong closing skills and communication skills .  energetic ,  detail oriented ,  self motivated ,  reliable and strong team player .  candidate must be able to develop ,  service and grow revenue from new and existing business accounts .  ability to develop creative marketing campaigns including all multi media - solutions based on the client  s needs .  media research and ratings software knowledge preferred .   ( nielson and other programs )  preferred qualifications previous sales experience a plus .  qualified candidate must have effective oral and written communication abilities and strong interpersonal skills .  college degree preferred .  eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer – m / f / d / v     
 social media assignment editor  kovr ,  the cbs o&o in sacramento ,  is looking for a new type of assignment editor .   this is not a digital / web team position .   it is an assignment desk position uniquely tasked with monitoring and engaging in all forms of social media to generate new stories and enhance daily news content .   you must have full knowledge of social media sites and advanced ability to monitor ,  search ,  find ,  and research stories through twitter ,  facebook ,  instagram ,  and the next platform around the corner .   you will also be able to produce social media segments for air ,  and manage social media posting by cbs 13 talent ,  in accordance with cbs corporate guidelines .   this is not an entry level position .   we are looking for someone who can demonstrate an advanced ability to leverage the reach and power of social media to generate news content that will differentiate cbs sacramento content across all platforms .   prior experience as an assignment editor preferred .       this is not an entry level position .   the successful candidate will demonstrate an advanced understanding of social media platforms ,  and the ability to leverage that content to generate broadcast and web news content .  an understanding of basic journalistic and research regimes and legal protocols is required .   prior television news assignment desk experience is preferred ,  but not required .  however ,  the ideal candidate will possess  some prior news gathering experience in broadcast ,  print or digital platforms .      
 auto req id 16127br job title assignment editor job type full time cbs business unit cbs television stations station kovr - tv location ca - west sacramento about us cbs television stations consists of 29 owned - and - operated stations ,  including 16 that are part of the cbs television network ,  eight affiliates of the cw network ,  three independent stations and two mynetworktv affiliates .  among its stations are wcbs - tv and wlny - tv  ( new york )  ,  kcbs - tv and kcal - tv  ( los angeles )  ,  wbbm - tv  ( chicago )  ,  kyw - tv and wpsg - tv  ( philadelphia )  ,  ktvt - tv and ktxa - tv  ( dallas - ft .  worth )  ,  kpix - tv and kbcw - tv  ( san francisco )  ,  wbz - tv and wsbk - tv  ( boston )  ,  wupa - tv  ( atlanta )  ,  wwj - tv and wkbd - tv  ( detroit )  ,  kstw - tv  ( seattle )  ,  wtog - tv  ( tampa - st .  petersburg )  ,  wcco - tv  ( minneapolis )  ,  kcnc - tv  ( denver )  ,  wfor - tv and wbfs - tv  ( miami )  ,  kovr - tv and kmax - tv  ( sacramento )  ,  kdka - tv and wpcw - tv  ( pittsburgh )  ,  wjz - tv  ( baltimore )  ,  as well as wcco - tv s satellite stations kcco - tv  ( alexandria ,  minn .  )  and kccw - tv  ( walker ,  minn .  )  .  job description social media assignment editor kovr ,  the cbs o&o in sacramento ,  is looking for a new type of assignment editor .  this is not a digital / web team position .  it is an assignment desk position uniquely tasked with monitoring and engaging in all forms of social media to generate new stories and enhance daily news content .  you must have full knowledge of social media sites and advanced ability to monitor ,  search ,  find ,  and research stories through twitter ,  facebook ,  instagram ,  and the next platform around the corner .  you will also be able to produce social media segments for air ,  and manage social media posting by cbs 13 talent ,  in accordance with cbs corporate guidelines .  this is not an entry level position .  we are looking for someone who can demonstrate an advanced ability to leverage the reach and power of social media to generate news content that will differentiate cbs sacramento content across all platforms .  prior experience as an assignment editor preferred .  required qualifications this is not an entry level position .  the successful candidate will demonstrate an advanced understanding of social media platforms ,  and the ability to leverage that content to generate broadcast and web news content .  an understanding of basic journalistic and research regimes and legal protocols is required .  prior television news assignment desk experience is preferred ,  but not required .  however ,  the ideal candidate will possess some prior news gathering experience in broadcast ,  print or digital platforms .  eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer – m / f / d / v     
 this entry level position is ideal for a candidate that’s searching for an opportunity to learn the news business .  assignments vary based on the demands of the cbs 3 ,  and cw philly operational needs .   typical assignments include ,  but are not limited to   assignment desk  under the supervision of an assignment editor or other news managers .  assist in the news gathering process which may include making police rounds ,  researching stories ,  providing information to both the broadcast unit ,  as well as cbs3 . com .   production  assistant will also be assigned various production responsibilities including ,  but not limited to ,  distributing scripts ,  pulling file video ,  ingesting video into the archive system ,  and compiling video for stories ,  research ,  the network or other affiliates .       must be able to work well with others in a high - pressure and fast -  paced environment under tight deadlines .  must be able to work flexible hours including weekends and evenings .  journalism or communications degree preferred .   previous television news experience is a plus .      
 simon & schuster ,  a part of cbs corporation ,  is a global leader in the field of general interest publishing ,  dedicated to providing the best in fiction and nonfiction for consumers of all ages ,  across all printed ,  electronic ,  and audio formats .  its divisions include simon & schuster adult publishing ,  simon & schuster children’s publishing ,  simon & schuster audio ,  simon & schuster digital ,  and international companies in australia ,  canada ,  india and the united kingdom .  job description responsible for tracking reprints and reprint corrections for all of the children’s imprints .  daily interaction with editorial ,  design ,  production ,  and supply chain departments .  strong copyediting ,  proofreading ,  and organizational skills are needed to ensure that an average of 80 reprints titles per week ,  plus 80+ repackages per year ,  are accurately tracked and produced .  required qualifications this is an entry level position .  college degree and prior publishing internship experience preferred .  eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer  -  m / f / d / v plus 80plus mslashf dslashv     
 i need us - based resumes from the web .  i need them in microsoft word or pdf ,  and i need a lot of them .  they can be  . zip d ,  added to dropbox ,  etc .  you tell me how you can approach this and at what volume and we can start immediately at your rate .  once we get going ,  i can direct you with different job types to look for ,  but for now ,  we ll take anything .  desired skills  data mining admin assistant data entry research web crawling     
 auto req id 16128br job title spring / summer 2014 university relations intern job type intern cbs business unit cbs interactive location ca - san francisco about us cbs interactive ,  a division of cbs corporation ,  is the premier online content network for information and entertainment .  with more than 250 million people visiting its properties each month ,  it is a top 10 web property globally and a top 5 web property in the u . s .  in terms of unique video viewers .  its portfolio of leading brands ,  which include cnet ,  cbs . com ,  cbsnews . com ,  cbssports . com ,  gamespot ,  tv . com and last . fm ,  span popular categories like technology ,  entertainment ,  sports ,  news and gaming .  job description talent has its place .  it s here .  cbs interactive .  where innovation meets creativity .  where the brightest left and right brainers have a seat at the table .  where you ll work on some of the biggest online brands across sports ,  entertainment ,  technology ,  gaming and news .  it s where your talent will find its happy place .  with hundreds of millions of unique visitors from around the world each month ,  cbs interactive is a global top 10 web property and the largest premium content network online .  cbs interactive is best known for its highly trafficked sites like cnet ,  gamespot ,  cbs . com ,  tv . com ,  clicker . com ,  cbssports . com ,  chow ,  bnet ,  zdnet ,  techrepublic ,  ncaa . com and much more .  the university relations intern will work within the cbs interactive human resources team in our san francisco office ,  part - time in the spring and full - time in the summer months .  as a member of our team you will gain exposure to a wide range of human resources projects .  your primary role will be to help us build our summer 2014 internship program .  this internship offers excellent training and mentoring .  it is ideal for a student who wishes to explore and  /  or pursue a career in human resources .  responsibilities  help develop and facilitate our summer 2014 internship program plan and coordinate multiple intern events for 40+ interns at cbsi locations all across the country manage intern new hire process including new hire orientation and new hire paperwork collection post internships and full time positions to job boards assist with on site recruiting events required qualifications leadership experience is a must must have outstanding attention to detail program / project / event management experience is a must skilled in building successful relationships internally and externally previous experience in recruiting a plus ability to work and adapt to change in a fast paced environment flexible ,  open minded and forward thinking willing and open to learning and to new ideas strong organizational skills  ( planning and prioritizing )  and ability to multitask ability to work independently and take initiative but also work well with coworkers in a team environment excellent communication and problem solving skills excellent customer service skills internet savvy and passionate about digital media intermediate to advanced knowledge of excel   we are looking for a local candidate who can start in april ,  and work part time while still in school .    must be in school for at least one more semester / quarter after the summer eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer – m / f / d / v     
 the associate web developer is primarily responsible for developing and maintaining front - end code for high - volume ,  high - traffic end - user facing websites .  collaborating with engineering ,  product ,  design ,  marketing ,  qa ,  operations and editorial teams .  working from pdf or psd designs and / or written specifications ,  the associate web developer is responsible for the development of html / css / javascript / jsp and possibly some java code based features .   this position requires excellent communication skills ,  along with good organization and collaboration abilities .       at least 1+ year ( s )  development experience working with the following  required   ( a )  web standards  the dom  cross - browser & cross - platform  ( x ) html  ( b )  css positioning ,  hierarchy and  ( x ) html / css architecture  ( c )  javascript  ( native and frameworks )  and ajax  ( w /  restful api access )   ( d )  jsp and jstl or equivalent server - side web development language  ( php ,  asp . net ,  etc .  )   ( e )  adobe photoshop cs3 ,  cs4 ,  cs5  ( f )  adobe flash cs3 ,  cs4 ,  cs5 & actionscript 2 . 0 ,  3 . 0  ( g )  xml or json  ( h )  java  ( or similar class based object - oriented programming language )   extra credit  ( i )  experience with html5 ,  css3 ,  mootools js library  ( j )  knowledge of agile and / or similar development methodologies  ( k )  mobile application development  ( iphone ios  ( objective - c )  ,  android  ( java ,  c ,  c++ )  )      
 auto req id 15975br job title summer 2014 software engineering intern job type intern cbs business unit cbs interactive location ga - atlanta about us cbs interactive ,  a division of cbs corporation ,  is the premier online content network for information and entertainment .  with more than 250 million people visiting its properties each month ,  it is a top 10 web property globally and a top 5 web property in the u . s .  in terms of unique video viewers .  its portfolio of leading brands ,  which include cnet ,  cbs . com ,  cbsnews . com ,  cbssports . com ,  gamespot ,  tv . com and last . fm ,  span popular categories like technology ,  entertainment ,  sports ,  news and gaming .  job description the software engineer intern will be an integral part of the development team during the summer of 2013 .  the engineer intern will help build tools ,  services ,  and data processes to support our highly trafficked sites .  responsibilities will extend to any of the applications associated with cbs interactive’s initiatives including both front facing applications and back - end services .  an interest in web technologies from a technical and product perspective is very important .  this intern will become part of cbs interactive’s dynamic technical community which will provide opportunities to work with open source technologies ,  develop innovative projects ,  and craft solutions using new technologies .  if you are a highly - motivated ,  self - starter who enjoys tackling technical and business challenges this internship is for you .  you will work under the supervision of one of our engineering leaders and also be assigned a mentor for the summer .  you will become part of a team of people that are all gadget junkies ,  gamers ,  musicians ,  couch potatoes and / or film buffs that are very passionate about the information our sites provide and understand what the user wants to see .  we are very focused on getting the user what she  /  he wants as fast as possible .  a passion for technology ,  games ,  music ,  tv ,  movies and all things in the entertainment world is required !  build strong working relationships with coworkers ,  direct reports  ( if applicable )  ,  customers  ( internal and external )  ,  and company management .  required qualifications experience developing software with java ,  python ,  or php .  knowledge of web development techniques using html ,  css ,  and javascript previous exposure to structured software development lifecycle processes and procedures technical analytical ,  debugging and problem - solving skills strong desire to learn new technologies and techniques solid organizational ,  time management ,  and prioritization skills ability to establish professional relationships with team members superior written and verbal communication skills currently working towards a bachelor  s or master’s degree in computer science ,  engineering or related software engineering field 3 . 0 gpa or above must have at least one more semester / quarter to go at the end of internship eeo statement cbs is an equal employment opportunity employer – m / f / d / v     
 actively searching for an entry - level analyst .  ideal candidates will interpret results and estimate / forecast future outcomes ,  ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining .  support the design ,  development ,  and implementation of business solutions .  work directly with clients ,  project ,  and business leaders to identify analytical requirements .  must be familiar with standard concepts ,  practices ,  and procedures related to financial and statistical analysis and process mapping .  requires a bachelor s degree in accounting ,  finance ,  or economics  or a degree in industrial engineering with a minor in a financial area .  candidate must be willing and able to travel within the united states and internationally .  candidate must be willing to relocate .  full position description and to apply  https  /  / www . moffattnichol . com .  .  .  entrydashlevel joindashour estimateslashforecast comslashjoin     
 talent has its place .  it’s here .  cbs interactive .  where innovation meets creativity .  where the brightest left and right brainers have a seat at the table .  where you’ll work on some of the biggest online brands across sports ,  entertainment ,  technology ,  gaming and news .  it’s where your talent will find its happy place .   with hundreds of millions of unique visitors from around the world each month ,  cbs interactive is a global top 10 web property and the largest premium content network online .  cbs interactive is best known for its highly trafficked sites like cnet ,  gamespot ,  cbs . com ,  tv . com ,  clicker . com ,  cbssports . com ,  chow ,  bnet ,  zdnet ,  techrepublic ,  ncaa . com and much more .   the university relations intern will work within the cbs interactive human resources team in our san francisco office ,  part - time in the spring and full - time in the summer months .   as a member of our team you will gain exposure to a wide range of human resources projects .  your primary role will be to help us build our summer 2014 internship program .  this internship offers excellent training and mentoring .   it is ideal for a student who wishes to explore and  /  or pursue a career in human resources .   responsibilities  help develop and facilitate our summer 2014 internship program plan and coordinate multiple intern events for 40+ interns at cbsi locations all across the country manage intern new hire process including new hire orientation and new hire paperwork collection post internships and full time positions to job boards assist with on site recruiting events      leadership experience is a must must have outstanding attention to detail program / project / event management experience is a must skilled in building successful relationships internally and externally previous experience in recruiting a plus ability to work and adapt to change in a fast paced environment flexible ,  open minded and forward thinking willing and open to learning and to new ideas strong organizational skills  ( planning and prioritizing )  and ability to multitask ability to work independently and take initiative but also work well with coworkers in a team environment excellent communication and problem solving skills excellent customer service skills internet savvy and passionate about digital media intermediate to advanced knowledge of excel    we are looking for a local candidate who can start in april ,  and work part time while still in school .    must be in school for at least one more semester / quarter after the summer     
 the client service representative is responsible for supporting one or more sales teams for all aspects of account management during the sales and selling cycle .   maintain assigned accounts on a day - to - day basis after the close of a sale ,  from order booking through invoice clearance .   the position has frequent contact with clients ,  high level industry executives ,  and a diverse group of internal constituents .   position is focused on exceeding our customers’ post sale needs ,  while adhering to all internal policies and processes .  we are looking for a motivated self starter ,  eager to engage in the business and learn mtvn processes from beginning to end .   in addition ,  the right candidate will be able to multi - task in a fast paced ,  high pressure environment .   build effective relationships at agencies through on - going communication with various departments i . e .  buying ,  traffic ,  and accounting coordinate with sales ,  p&i ,  and client service management on the maintenance of agency accounts including   responsibiliites  • upfront and scatter order entry • timely delivery of advertiser schedules / flowcharts • input of all inventory adds ,  deletes ,  and moves per p&i ,  and / or client direction  ( with appropriate approval )  • maintain schedule changes ,  both internal and external ,  including follow - up with agencies • product / brand allocations • discrepancy resolution • invoice clearance • flight changes • liability tracking • adu scheduling • msa post analysis • edi maintenance for applicable accounts • collaborate with sales teams in weekly meetings and though maintenance of account status reports • proficient use of winsales / plan - it and gabriel systems to manage deals • support and enhance agency relationships by monitoring requests and ensuring commercial spots are booked according to guidelines • monitor bob and unit exception reports to ensure all contracted dollars are booked and all unschedulable units are placed • work with p&i to flight deals ,  distribute weekly weights ,  maintain cpm guidelines ,  manage the effect of program changes on schedules • communicates daily with commercial operations to resolve any traffic issues and reconcile discrepancies • work closely with billing and a / r teams to reconcile and clear invoices in a timely manner ,  monitor accounts receivable ,  and issue invoice adjustments  basic qualifications   • bachelors degree required • 1 - 3 years experience in sales ,  advertising and / or media industry • must be able to manage multiple tasks and activities simultaneously • pc savvy  expertise in powerpoint ,  word and excel • must have strong verbal and written communication skills • proven ability to work in a fast moving environment  desired qualifications  • strong analytical skills • must have superior customer service skills • must have flawless attention to detail • must have the ability to prioritize .  must be flexible with hours  channel summary   mtv is the world’s premier youth entertainment brand .   with a global reach of more than a half - billion households ,  mtv is the cultural home of the millennial generation ,  music fans and artists ,  and a pioneer in creating innovative programming for young people .   mtv reflects and creates pop culture with its emmy® ,  grammy® and peabody® award - winning content built around compelling storytelling ,  music discovery and activism across tv ,  online and mobile .   mtv’s sibling networks mtv2 and mtvu each deliver unparalleled customized content for young males ,  music fans and college students ,  and its online hub mtv . com is the leading destination for music ,  news and pop culture .      
 we need a person that can do some of the following   -  market research to find companies that meet our sales criteria .  this will include companies who are building buildings / offices in our local markets ,  current businesses that may be moving ,  companies that meeting our employee and square feet requirements ,  data mining from google ,  bing ,  and other public or private sources .   -  we may need positions  /  ads posted on craigslist .  job description  i m looking for a virtual assistant to help me manage incoming calls and emails ,  schedule events ,  and help me stay on top of all of my obligations .  your responsibilities   -  data analysis / entry into excel ,  word or other programs  -  research using the internet or other information databases  -  outbound calling to clients ,  vendors or others  -  travel planning and coordination  -  email management  -  other miscellaneous tasks that can be performed online  -  must be accessible ,  online and on elance work view during agreed - upon office hours your qualifications   -  previous experience as an administrative assistant preferred  -  broadband internet connection  -  strong understanding of internet and online communication tools  -  ability to multitask and take on multiple projects  -  ability to meet deadlines  -  strong communications skills and attention to detail a must  -  a complete elance profile  -  references or an established reputation on elance preferred desired skills  admin assistant     
 tv land is seeking a media planning assistant / on - air promo scheduler to execute accurate ,  strategic logs that support tv land s promotional and financial goals .   responsibilities     execute interstitial and short - form programming goals and strategy   write and input all primary & secondary elements  ( promos ,  interstitials ,  graphic and credit crunches )  on assigned logs .  review strategy and accuracy .    ensure that all sponsor commitments are executed on log as planned .    ensure formats are correct at all times in the traffic system .    qc logs for accuracy   create & maintain tvl log scheduling grids .    generate media planning documents that assist and inform log execution  ( ie  traffic bin ,  as run / tracking reports ,  add / contingency memo ,  etc .  )    assist with launch / premiere documents for original series .    preview all promotional and graphic elements prior to air .    monitor traffic reports for accuracy and ensure that all expected promotional elements will available by deadlines .    be informed of information / updates contained in creative briefs .    research ,  brainstorm & develop breakthrough promo ,  crunch and graphic concepts .    screen original programs for effective flag placement   group projects as assigned  basic qualifications     bachelor’s degree with solid internship experience or 1 - 2 years of relevant experience  desired qualifications     trafficking ,  scheduling or programming background a plus     
 comedy central digital seeks an experienced assistant managing editor for a new editorial team in its multiplatform programming and strategy department .  this full - time staff position reports to the managing editor and is based in our soho office .   responsibilities   - supervise the day - to - day operations of a small ,  fast - moving team of copywriters and copyeditors who produce copy and metadata for websites ,  video content and apps   - manage editorial components of digital projects ,  including product launches and legacy metadata clean - ups   - work closely with project coordinators ,  an seo manager ,  designers ,  ad sales representatives and site producers to ensure that deadlines are met ,  business priorities are reflected across a range of digital products ,  and editorial content is on point and awesome   - help develop ,  improve and implement editorial processes across comedy central s digital universe   - report directly to the managing editor and serve as her backup  basic qualifications   - 5 - 7 years in digital media ,  working in an editorial capacity   - demonstrated project management experience   - demonstrated supervisory experience   - excellent writing and editing skills   - cms experience and understanding of metadata   - experience launching and maintaining digital products  desired qualifications   - ability to follow in - house style and understand voice -  - what s us and what isn t   - flexibility and comfort in a fast - paced ,  evolving environment   - ability to juggle daily tasks as well as long - range projects   - willingness to take initiative   - familiarity with comedy central content on multiple platforms   - comedy experience not needed ,  general wittiness a big plus     
 the core services department crafts the look and feel of every vmn and viacom floor at 1515 and 1540 broadway ,  and 345 hudson in ny as well as those of vmn regional offices in burbank ,  ca .   core services manages for all vmn and viacom offices issues related to physical space such as real estate strategy ,  short and long - term space planning ,  design and construction ,  furniture selection and purchase ,  moves and renovations .  our staff also oversees all facility activities such as mail ,  pantries ,  maintenance ,  repairs ,  and building operations ,  and in the regional offices security and phones .  core services partners in all locations with mts to ensure coordination of all computer ,  phone and av requirements during moves and construction projects .   principal responsibilities   the department assistant will primarily support the svp ,  core services and vp ,  real estate with administrative task  in addition to maintaining and organizing the team s domestic / international business operations .  the team is considering an energetic self - starter that can think outside the box and collaborate with internal and external customers .  he / she will be required to accomplish tasks of moderate to high complexity and scope with the ability to analyze and anticipate the needs of the team .   core responsibilities includes but not limited to   • work in partnership with all vendors • answering phone calls ,  taking messages and maintaining calendar for svp core services & vp real estate • maintaining filing and archiving system  ( paper & electronic )  • editing prolease critical date reports and other database reports ,  functions and features • act as backup administrator to company prolease administrator for input / updating records • perform an extensive array of administrative tasks such as travel planning ,  submitting expense requests ,  managing office supplies ,  sending / receiving documents & reserving black car services • ability to multitask under pressure and manage time constraints • adjust  /  respond to unscheduled events & resolve issues quickly & professionally • proficient in microsoft office suite  outlook ,  excel ,  word ,  powerpoint & access • maintaining office rent & insurance certificate registers • maintain files and inventory of the storage spaces ,  including furniture ,  carpeting ,  construction supplies ,  etc .   basic qualifications   • 3 - 5 years administration experience  • proficient technical skills ,  using microsoft office suite  ( word ,  excel and  powerpoint )   • bachelor’s degree  desired qualifications   • prior experience in a property management or real estate firm a plus  • prolease and planon program experience a plus  • ability to meet deadlines and make sound decisions  • strong customer service skills  • effective time management skills i . e .  multitasking and prioritization  • ability to communicate clearly in verbal and written form  • creative problem solving skills ,  i . e .  utilizing team ,  innovative approach ,  accepting support  • proactive and self motivated with potential and willingness to learn  channel summary   viacom media networks ,  a unit of viacom  ( nasdaq  via ,  viab )  ,  is one of the world’s leading creators of entertainment content ,  with brands that engage and connect diverse audiences across television ,  online ,  mobile ,  games ,  virtual worlds and consumer products .   the company’s portfolio spans more than 150 television channels and 400 digital media properties worldwide ,  and includes mtv ,  vh1 ,  cmt ,  logo ,  bet ,  centric ,  nickelodeon ,  nick at nite ,  nick jr .  ,  teennick ,  addictinggames ,  shockwave ,  neopets ,  comedy central ,  spike ,  tv land ,  and gametrailers .      
 role  viacom media networks is currently conducting a search for a department assistant to support the administrative needs of the svp and the production management department .   responsibilities   • answer vp’s phone ,  roll calls ,  open mail ,  maintain vp’s calendar and make vp’s travel arrangements .  • submit vp’s t&e’s • update and maintain production management shoot schedule in vp’s office • maintain and reconcile petty cash • reconcile invoices • order business cards production management and order all memo pads for department .  • assist with general departmental needs .  • track invoices ,  vacation and sick days .  • update and maintain bi - weekly production management team list west coast .  • track staff timesheets / payroll • track all 6th / 7th day worked .   generate memo for 6th / 7th days payment .   cc  vp • distribute staff paychecks and t&e checks • schedule quarterly production operations meeting ,  eam leader meetings  ( monthly )  and departmental staff meetings  ( quarterly )  • maintain the following records  corporate and personnel files ,  close books ,  headquarter actuals .  • track all departmental expenses .  • maintain record of incoming certificates of insurance from outside vendors .   requirements   • 1 to 2 years previous administrative assistant experience -  preferably in production or development industry • excellent organizational skills and ability to anticipate problems • ideal candidate will possess initiative ,  be diplomatic and be flexible to a changing fast paced environment and be a team player • computer proficiency at the following applications  microsoft word  microsoft powerpoint and outlook .  • expert knowledge of microsoft excel and working knowledge of calendar creator • production management background and basic production knowledge is helpful • ability to handle highly sensitive information .   confidentiality is a must .  • college degree is  required • some overtime may be required for this position     
 the client service representative is responsible for supporting one or more sales teams for all aspects of account management during the sales and selling cycle .   maintain assigned accounts on a day - to - day basis after the close of a sale ,  from order booking through invoice clearance .   the position has frequent contact with clients ,  high level industry executives ,  and a diverse group of internal constituents .   position is focused on exceeding our customers’ post sale needs ,  while adhering to all internal policies and processes .   this role is charged with building effective relationships at agencies through on - going communication with various departments i . e .  buying ,  traffic ,  accounting sales ,  p&i ,  and client service management on the maintenance of agency accounts .   responsibilities     upfront and scatter order entry   timely delivery of advertiser schedules / flowcharts   input of all inventory adds ,  deletes ,  and moves per p&i ,  and / or client direction  ( with appropriate approval )    maintain schedule changes ,  both internal and external ,  including follow - up with agencies   product / brand allocations   discrepancy resolution   invoice clearance   flight changes   liability tracking   adu scheduling   msa post analysis   edi maintenance for applicable accounts   collaborate with sales teams in weekly meetings and though maintenance of account status reports   proficient use of winsales / plan - it and gabriel systems to manage deals   support and enhance agency relationships by monitoring requests and ensuring commercial spots are booked according to guidelines   monitor bob and unit exception reports to ensure all contracted dollars are booked and all unschedulable units are placed   work with p&i to flight deals ,  distribute weekly weights ,  maintain cpm guidelines ,  manage the effect of program changes on schedules   communicates daily with commercial operations to resolve any traffic issues and reconcile discrepancies   work closely with billing and a / r teams to reconcile and clear invoices in a timely manner ,  monitor accounts receivable ,  and issue invoice adjustments  required qualification / skills     bachelors degree required   1 - 3 years experience in sales ,  advertising and / or media industry  desired qualifications     strong analytical skills   must have superior customer service skills   must have flawless attention to detail   must have the ability to prioritize .  must be flexible with hours   must be able to manage multiple tasks and activities simultaneously   pc savvy  expertise in powerpoint ,  word and excel   must have strong verbal and written communication skills   proven ability to work in a fast moving environment     
 co - op  -  delivery assurance system response center lead  location  windsor locks ,  ct ,  usa  job code  113347 - 03  design ,  market ,  and help launch delivery assurance system response center for enterprise rollout .  currently the system is in pilot format and plan will be for center lead to take response center to the next level .  will be required to track and monitor metrics and be responsible for working with it to trouble shoot system issues .  position includes visibility and interaction with senior executive management at the hamilton sundstrand and utc level .  must be able to present with confidence to senior executives on a daily basis with impromptu briefings expected .  will have daily interaction with hs vice president ,  strategy and operations .  must be able to work independently with minimal direction in order to support the project including data mining ,  analytics and design presentation .  the position requires experience in microsoft products to include office ,  sharepoint and xrm .  travel is likely for benchmarking and meeting activities .  travel would be 15% of position .   enrolled in an accredited institution .  maintain 3 . 0 gpa .  experience in word and powerpoint required .  experience in outlook ,  excel ,  sharepoint needed .   united technologies corporation is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 placeiq is a rapidly growing venture funded “big data” business with a tremendous opportunity to become the market leader in the exploding location intelligence marketplace .  starting with an extensive library of unstructured / unrelated geospatial ,  temporal and social data ,  placeiq transforms information into time and location context .  revolutionary techniques in data mining and machine learning at scale are being developed on a daily basis to uncover the reality of the world like no other company can .  having already assembled an exceptionally skilled ,  diverse and passionate team of developers and data scientists ,  we are looking for world - class engineers that can  ( or are willing to learn how to )  do it all .  from web frontends to classification algorithms ,  complex data visualizations to geospatial clustering ,  a full stack enterprise targeting platform to big data analytics ,  placeiq software engineers live for huge challenges and know how to deliver in a dynamic ,  fast - paced ,  and agile environment .  our unique culture breeds excellence and embraces creativity as we look to innovate and drive our business forward .  if are a solution - oriented and self - managing individual with a passion for building technology solutions ,  we want to talk to you !      
 excellent opportunity to join a growing firm !  do you have database experience ?  are you a natural organizer ?  do you think outside the box ?  do you thrive in a process based environment ?  do you have internet research experience ?  are you internet savvy ?  a google guru ?  what else is important to you ?  maybe a relaxed ,  casual ,  fun work environment ?  more work life balance ?  what about the opportunity to contribute to a growing company ?  all of the above is important to us ,  if it’s important to you  -  -  -  - apply now !  should you choose to accept an opportunity with us ,  you may find yourself saying goodbye to your dry cleaner because we wear jeans ,  shorts ,  and even flip flops to work all year !  our data entry assistant ensures information is updated into company systems on a daily basis in a timely ,  efficient and accurate manner .  the data entry assistant also performs research projects through various methods ,  including internet research and phone calls .  they are also responsible for preparing spreadsheets containing the data they find through their research .  a qualified candidate will demonstrate an exception level of attention detail ,  a positive attitude and a very good working knowledge of word processing and spreadsheet software .  they will also have a basic understanding of internet ,  database and contact management software systems .  a high level of accuracy is expected for all data entry tasks .  required skills great attention to detail proficiency in excel persistent data mining skills critical thinking skills excellent communication skills honesty & integrity ability to learn new systems and processes ability to commute to our north dallas office ability to work 20 hours / week ,  2 - 4 hours daily daily work must be completed every morning ,  monday  -  friday or nightly ,  sunday  -  thursday required experience great attention to detail proficiency in excel persistent data mining skills critical thinking skills excellent communication skills honesty & integrity ability to learn new systems and processes ability to commute to our north dallas office ability to work 20 hours / week ,  2 - 4 hours daily daily work must be completed every morning ,  monday  -  friday or nightly ,  sunday  -  thursday     
 job titleinternal sales representative isr  - alpharetta ,  gadealer funding ,  llc is a sub - prime auto finance company headquartered in alpharetta ,  ga .  dealer funding purchases retail installment contracts from its franchise and independent automobile dealer network in georgia ,  south carolina ,  tennessee ,  mississippi ,  alabama ,  kentucky ,  and florida .  the company has successfully been in business for over 15 years and is currently hiring for an internal sales representative . internal sales representative positionthe internal sales representative will be responsible for lead generation and to identify and solicit prospective franchise and independent dealers .  this will be accomplished by making a minimum of 25 - targeted telephone calls / day .  the isr will be aligned with an outside dealer representative who will work with them to grow sales through outbound selling when needed .  it will be the responsibility of the isr to prospect and data mine in order to grow the business .  this position will work with an outside dealer representative and sales manager when necessary to transition accounts to / from inside sales to outside sales .  this position has a focus on customer service and to carry out dealer funding s brand .  this position carries a direct sales quota and is eligible for variable compensation tied to a performance goal .  responsibilitiesdirect contact using outbound calling strategy . maintaining and updating prospects within the sales nexus system . establishing initial contacts with decision makers at prospects . follow up on approved and non - funded deals . manage dealer relationships to achieve quality and volume objectives . identify and solicit prospective dealers . manage assigned accounts by handling account inquiries to minimize account attrition and negative volume variance .  assist field sales staff in increasing prospective dealers by prospecting new business opportunities and evaluating potential growth of existing clients .  identify and solicit prospective dealers . other dutieswork as a team member to achieve the organizations goals .  other duties as assigned . qualificationscomplete understanding of dealer funding s underwriting policies and procedures . previous automobile finance company marketing experience is beneficial . a thorough understanding of dealership operations and the auto finance industry . skillsstrong sales and people skills . self - motivated and able to work independently . excellent verbal and writing skills . able to travel . able to meet deadlines and established goals and objectives . must be proficient in computer software such as excel ,  word ,  powerpoint ,  salesnexus  ( or other contact management software )  outlook .      
 job description job title  accounting clerk iii  -  financial inventory management job id  316993 location  salt lake city ,  utah requirements  -  corp / field mgmt position summary  performs assigned accounting activities related to financial inventory across the enterprise in order to provide timely delivery of financial information to appropriate company management that accurately measures financial results & enhances decision making .  responsibilities  • researches transactions from various systems and departments • identifies process improvement opportunities ,  suggests and implements solutions to create a more effective and efficient process • makes decisions on various manual transactions .  assists others with their decisions as well • responsible for ensuring financial accuracy of inventory ,  account reconciliations ,  journal entries etc .  • independently takes on projects to reconcile and analyzes complex data and create reports and / or adjustments over multiple areas • performs complex journal entries ,  account reconciliations and stock ledger and fmdm adjustments • performs critical month / year end closing activities basic knowledge  • applies judgment based on direct experience to resolve non - routine questions within procedural constraints • thorough knowledge of all systems ,  procedures ,  techniques ,  equipment ,  operations ,  standards and reports that apply to the assigned functional area • strong understanding of accounting / contact center policies eg .  , gaap ,  legal ,  sox ,  etc .  )  ,  procedures and systems  ( including oracle ap ,  peoplesoft gl ,  and systems such as stock ledger ,  inventory )  pertaining to area of responsibility • experienced end user sql query tools  ( e . g .  queryman ,  cognos ,  recon net ,  oracle answers ,  web focus ,  etc .  )  • advanced analytical and decision - making skills • cross - functional enterprise understanding and the ability to lead cross - functional projects • advanced user of microsoft office tools  ( excel ,  access ,  and powerpoint )  • strong analytical ability and critical thinking skills • strong interpersonal skills  ( ie .  accurate ,  detail - oriented ,  positive and easily gains respect from others in authoritative positions )  preferred skills  • knowledge of inventory procedures and principles • strong understand of stock ledger and fmdm • capable of managing workload and prioritizing multiple responsibilities in a dynamic work environment • ability to work independently without supervision • database modeling ,  data mining ,  data warehousing • proficiency in jcpssc reporting tools previous experience  /  education  • four to seven years  experience in the same or related tasks is preferable • two year’s experience as accounting clerk ii is preferable • high school diploma or equivalent is required  li - cv2     
 the labs forecasting team is looking for a summer intern to work on the following project that focuses on personalizing a customer’s experience on walmart . com using state of the art machine learning techniques .  the deliverables include models that can be used to surface relevant content to user .  the value of the project is to improve bounce rate ,  conversion ,  and revenue .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  we are looking for students who are currently pursuing their master s or phd degree in computer science ,  software engineering ,  operations research ,  statistics ,  math ,  electrical engineering or a related field .  successful candidate must be familiar with maching learnng and data mining .  this is a high energy environment where we solve tough problems and enjoy working with peers who are equally talented and passionate .   successful candidates must possess the following skills  r ,  python ,  sql ,  shell         apply     
 placeiq is a rapidly growing venture funded “big data” business with a tremendous opportunity to become the market leader in the exploding location intelligence marketplace .  starting with an extensive library of unstructured / unrelated geospatial ,  temporal and social data ,  placeiq transforms information into time and location context .  revolutionary techniques in data mining and machine learning at scale are being developed on a daily basis to uncover the reality of the world like no other company can .  having already assembled an exceptionally skilled ,  diverse and passionate team of developers and data scientists ,  we are looking for passionate technical individuals to join our infrastructure services group .  our unique culture breeds excellence and embraces creativity as we look to innovate and drive our business forward .  if are a solution oriented and self - managing individual with a passion for building technology we want to talk to you !  the role  this is a contract - to - hire position and is an immediate need .  candidates seeking a longer term internship are welcome to apply .  candidates who apply must be available to interview immediately .  the it &     
 informatics analyst internship job apply now  ?  syngenta date aug 27 ,  2013 location research triangle park ,  nc ,  us division r&d  ( crops )  function r&d is city research triangle park state / province north carolina  [ nc ]  position title informatics analyst internship job id 4281 role purpose / accountabilities  the student will have the opportunity to use their abilities to deliver information platforms that utilize a combination of science ,  information and technology  enabling syngenta to help meet the world’s changing needs for food ,  feed ,  fuel ,  and fiber .  knowledge ,  skills & experience   -  strong analytical skills  -  some experience / knowledge in statistics / informatics ,  algorithm development ,  data mining  -  strong networking skills across cultures  -  good communication  -  presentation skills and capabilities additional information  travel will be limited ,  but potential for travel to additional syngenta site including international job segments informatics ,  agricultural ,  intern ,  research ,  r&d ,  technology ,  agriculture ,  entry level apply now  ?      
 innovation that excites .   it s the inspiration for everything we do .  for nissan ,  it means rethinking the ordinary ,  pushing the boundaries ,  exceeding expectations ,  and anticipating the needs of an ever - changing planet .  every nissan and infiniti vehicle is a result of this passionate mindset ,  yet with a practical side that reflects the times .  this means driving enjoyment rooted in the highest standard of engineering and quality ,  and fresh ,  modern design matched by manufacturing excellence .  the same philosophy also drives our look to the future ,  through low emissions ,  better fuel economy and emerging role of all - electric vehicles .  all dedicated to innovative solutions ,  for different  -  and better  -  ways to do things .   at nissan north america ,  we are dedicated to achieving key priorities including strengthening our brand power ,  increasing sales power ,  enhancing quality ,  optimizing zero - emission leadership ,  accelerating business expansion ,  and reducing cost .   we believe our employees and the different perspectives that they bring to the business are the driving force behind our success .   we invite you to discover a company that is focused on the quality of our vehicles ,  the environment ,  the community and the world in which we live .   we are looking for self - motivated students who want to challenge themselves ,  test their skills ,  develop their talents ,  and discover their full potential .   the nissan intern program is an integral component and the first step of our commitment to our employees  long -  term personal and professional development .   all nissan internships will offer students the ability to apply classroom studies while networking with professionals and gaining valuable experience .   the summer intern program will be 12 weeks long and offer competitive pay and an opportunity to discuss your project with top executives .   project description   the mc - a chairman has requested the ability to accurately forecast operating profit for the midterm plan period for the americas region .   in order to meet overall target of 8% globally ,  we need to understand the current profit projection for the americas and propose corrective action if necessary .   corporate planning issues quarterly macro - economic reports for the mc - a executive team ,  and supports global cplan with vehicle and foreign exchange forecasts twice a year .  the student in this position will gain exposure to key economic data points and it provides a real - world example on how macro - economic data impacts day - to - day operations .   requirements include   · develop system interfaces for canada ,  mexico and brazil profitability tracking  · develop sensitivity analysis and reporting to support business requests  · create an automated data mining methodology from the various economic resources               corporate planning     
 sap intern  summer 2014  shure offers a challenging and rewarding summer internship program .  the twelve week program is offered to undergraduate students that have completed at least 2 years of college ,  as well as graduate students .  each intern will receive a competitive salary and students who reside out of illinois will receive a housing stipend to cover living expenses .  applications will be collected ,  reviewed and selected candidates will be contacted in late fall .   this is an exciting opportunity to develop and learn functionality of the world’s leading erp system  -  sap .  the internship will teach and enhance requirement gathering skills with our business associates and provide development solutions for real business problems .  the position will work in the global information services division as a part of the business systems development team and report to the development manager .   candidate will be part of a team composed of both functional and development analysts responsible for gathering business requirements and developing data warehouse reporting solutions using sap standard development tools .  the opportunity provides the ability to learn sap’s business intelligence architecture ,  modeling concepts ,  and report design .  the ideal candidate needs to have the desire to learn ,  understand ,  and document business processes as well as provide technical development solutions to support process improvements .   technical skills required   · working knowledge of microsoft office applications  · advanced skills in microsoft excel a plus  · programming and software development skills  · working knowledge of microsoft outlook or equivalent email and calendar software  related course work in the following   · business finance and / or business operations  · software development lifecycle  · data modeling  · introduction / advanced course in programming development  · integration of systems and business  · technical writing  · data analysis and data mining  · junior or senior status     
 disney professional internships  resorts revenue management internship  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .    the professional intern will be responsible for providing analysis and recommend strategy for the resort revenue management team .   intern assignments include ,  but are not limited to     analyzing large quantities of data utilizing data mining techniques to understand guest - driven booking behaviors    creating new tools that allow for visual analysis of data    develop recommendations that will translate into incremental revenue opportunities    working on defined projects to be presented to executive leadership  interns will serve as an individual contributor for revenue management projects that may require input from multiple functional areas ,  such as operations ,  sales ,  forecasting ,  finance ,  etc .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     familiarity with excel ,  word and powerpoint    experience using sas or similar analytical platforms    strong written and communication skills    interest in pursuing an analytical career path    revenue management ,  finance ,  statistics ,  math ,  economics ,  accounting ,  industrial engineering ,  or similar background    current senior level or higher     database experience  ( i . e .  microsoft access ,  business objects )     general knowledge or experience in one of the following industries     merchandise retail ,  hotels / resorts ,  food & beverage  travel and tourism    college program or professional internship alumni    3 . 0 gpa or higher in major  additional information internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u .  s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   application deadline  the deadline to     
 job description although this internship will be a learning experience ,  we expect students who apply to have some degree of business experience ,  along with being extremely tech - savvy .  what do it pros data analysts do here ?  research .  we love it !  can t get enough of it !  finding information on the web is one of the key factors of success here .  in this case ,  we research ,  gather and upload employer and technologists data within the philadelphia region .  our end goal is to have over 120 , 000 technologists and 15 , 000+ employers properly uploaded .  upload .  once we collect this data ,  we upload it into our web / mobile - based database and ensure proper data accuracy ,  quality and integrity and then assign it to the proper team member for a call to action .  cross - reference .  all technologist data is cross - referenced to their most recent employer for further increase revenue generating initiatives .  data mine .  as requests come in from team members and employers ,  it s important to be able to easily mine and present compatible data .  this is done through a filter and tags within our database .  outperform .  we look to crush our competitors .  we look to exceed expectations every time .  we lead ,  others follow .  where do we work ?  remote  .  we have an asynchronous culture that is well suited to remote - working .  we use google+ hangout ,  gchat and asana to communicate internally .  all team members work remotely and live within the greater philadelphia region ,  outside of one who recently moved from philly to connecticut .  local .  for when we want to get out of the house ,  we have an awesome conference center located in northern liberties that offers a front deskconcierge ,  snacks and wi - fi .  yard s brewery ,  morgan s pier ,  north bowl and the piazza at schmidts are all a short walk away .  how do we earn ?  profit sharing  .  all team members earn their keep by producing results  ( period )  .  we earn based on successful transactions between us staffing a technologist with an employer .  commissions are based on a percentage of total revenue received payed upon receipt .  invoices are due within 30 - days of the candidate start date with a quick payment option discount is available if paid within 5 - days .  bonuses .  we believe in rewarding great accomplishments .  varying forms of bonuses are delivered on a monthly basis .  what perks do we offer ?  flexible work schedule .  we are all free to choose our own schedule .  free to choose our own schedule .  if we feel extra charged ,  we work as long as we want to .  if we re having a down day ,  we take it easy .  we re all about producing the best quality work when we can ,  which is more times than not .  vacation policy  .  there is none .  we believe in taking time off to recharge .  whatever is needed to make it happen upon return .  company sponsored events .  we believe in team building outside of the workplace .  it only makes us stronger .  if you re into going to places like yard s brewery ,  north bowl ,  sporting events ,  etc .  then you ll fit right in .  qualifications we are very particular with the types of folks we bring aboard to join our team .  those who can help us take it pros to the next level will be considered and in return will be rewarded handsomely .  what do you absolutely need to have ?  must be currently pursuing a degree in technology or a related field of study must be local to the philadelphia region or have intimate knowledge of the region must be able to work for us without the need of sponsorship of any kind must be tech - savvy  -  beyond microsoft office must be able to work within a virtual team environment with proper high - speed internet access what will land me this opportunity ?  a passion for research ,  data intelligence and delivery business experience within a startup environment an awesome attitude ,  personality and willingness to learn and grow what are deal breakers ?  no understanding of the philly region you require some form of sponsorship to work here you re just looking for a steady 9 - 5 job additional information why you ll love working @itprosphilly  culture our culture is performance - driven .  our customers and our team are comprised of technologists who understand that in order to be successful you must deliver a quality product and service ,  which in our case is a compatible technologist .  we work as part of a team .  similar to any sports team ,  each person has a position within the team that bests suits their traits .  everyone steps on the same playing surface on a daily basis to outperform our competition and win .  we are all hands - on ,  from the founder to our interns ,  and we all affect the bottom line .  we believe in you .  you ll be armed with all of the training ,  tools and opportunities to be successful .  team data .  they research ,  upload ,  data mine and present technologist and employer information via the web to asana then assign tasks to our marketing or delivery teams .  stage 1 .  marketing  .  they attract technologists and employers to it pros  -  philadelphia .  stage 2 .  delivery  .  they recruit ,  screen ,  qualify and staff technologists directly with employers within a 50 - mile radius of philadelphia .  stage 3 .  technology google apps for business .  we use gmail ,  gchat ,  google+ hangout ,  drive ,  calendar and chrome for communication between team members .  asana  .  our web / app - based database that houses our candidates ,  employers and projects .  it s our application tracking system  ( ats )  ,  customer relationship management software  ( crm )  and project management task tool .  smartrecruiters  .  the platform we use to post our client job orders and internal job openings .  crushpath  .  how we proactively market our most valuable technologists  ( mvps and smes )  via the web .  youcanbook . me  .  a time saving calendar application used by our delivery team to book discussion times with our prospective candidates .  hootsuite  .  monitors and promotes content to our linkedin ,  twitter ,  google+ and facebook pages .  how to be considered ?  submit your resume ,  along with your linkedin profile or other site that tells us a bit more about you .  include a descriptive message in your application describing how you can help us .  once we receive your application ,  you will be instructed to book a time to speak with one of our team members .  if that goes well ,  we ll schedule a google+ hangout video interview with additional team members .  if we like what we hear ,  the final round will be to meet face - to - face with our founder & ceo in our conference center located in northern liberties .  a decision will be made shortly afterwards .  get to know us linkedin  www . linkedin . com / company / it - pros -  -  - philadelphia facebook  https  /  / www . facebook . com .  .  .      
 junior net developer secret clearance required washington ,  dc education  bachelors  degree or masters  degree with 5+ years  experience one of our clients is seeking a qualified  . net developer to assist in design ,  and implementation of network applications and provide technical assistance .  candidate will have strong fundamental knowledge & technical experience of full life cycle  ( sdlc )  processes for systems design ,  software programming and development ,  information business strategies and system analysis .  in addition ,  has a broad range of experience in data management & network communication services .  job responsibilities include   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  provide technical assistance administering ,  optimizing ,  evaluating ,  and troubleshooting an oracle database management system  ( dbms )   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  design ,  build ,  maintain and implement integrated web - based solutions in a service oriented architecture  ( soa )  environment .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  provide ad - hoc production support for users .  general skills required   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  proficient in asp ,   . net ,  ms visual basic  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  proficiency in xml and web - developmental tools / technologies that include service based architecture .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  knowledgeable and experienced in oracle database management system .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  knowledgeable and experienced with ms windows server and oracle server hardware and infrastructure  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ability to work with a team and independently  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  good oral and written communication skills ?  ?  ?  ?      
    build new systems with  . net 3 . 5  -  4 . 5  /  asp . net mvc  /  sql server 2008 & 2012  /  jquery  /  html5  /  mobile platforms   develop new functionality on our existing software products   maintain existing solutions developed in  . net and sql   participate in a small ,  experienced ,  energetic team on a rapid ,  agile development schedule   other responsibilities as assigned     ability to design sql server 2008  /  2012 stored procedures   ability to adapt quickly to an existing ,  complex environment   ability to quickly learn new concepts and software   candidate should be a self - motivated ,  independent ,  detail oriented ,  responsible team - player   passionate about building high - quality systems with software implementation best practices  preferred skills & knowledge    mobile experience ,  especially with xamarin would be a plus !    experience using esri tools – arcgis desktop and server   experience working with n - tier architectures  ( ui ,  business logic layer ,  data access layer )  along with some experience with service - oriented architectures  ( soa )   equal opportunity employer  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  marital status ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law applicable to the state in which you work .   in compliance with the ada amendments act  ( adaaa )  ,  should you have a disability and would like to request an accommodation in order to apply for a currently open position with infor ,  please call  ( 678 )  319 - 8000 or email us at adaaa@infor . com .      
 job description primary responsibility  this position will be a combination of systems engineering / development  ( 75% )  and business / technical analysis  ( 25% )  .  in this role you will work with members of our b2b and soa practices to support various clients .  the junior systems integration engineer will be trained to utilize various technologies including ibm sterling b2b integrator ,  ibm sterling file gateway ,  mule esb ,  vmware ,  oracle databases ,  edi ,  hipaa  /  hl7 ,  windows ,  unix and linux os ,  sql ,  etc .  .  .  the jsie will create best practice documents of repeatable process ,  to ensure more efficient application certifications ,  build release ,  and deployment practices .  the position will also be responsible for testing and troubleshooting issues related to the various environments .  note  this position is telecommute and may require up to 75% travel .  desired skills & experience  bachelor s degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  or a related discipline strong understanding of computer science concepts excellent written and verbal communication skills ,  documentation skills ,  attention to detail and strong creative problem solving skills ability to multi - task and manage multiple competing priorities experience implementing applications in core - java ,  jsp ,  spring ,  soap ,  xml and xslt a plus understanding of object orientation and design patterns ,  as well as oo design using uml diagrams a plus fundamental experience in the following  operating systems software engineering database computer networking internet / web programming qualifications null additional information all your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines .      
 this position requires strong organizational skills and a broad knowledge of business processes .   candidate must be able to communicate effectively .   candidate should be self - motivating and able to work independently .   the job will require programming in webmethods 8 . 2 .    applicants will develop in the following areas   all components of webmethods  ( integration server ,  broker ,  trading networks ,  monitor and modeler )  ,  programming in java and xml ,  databases  ( sql server ,  oracle )  and sql programming ,  and sap idocs ,  bapi processing .   they will learn emerging integration technologies and concepts  ( soa ,  web services ,  bpm etc .  )   this position is full - time and would primarily be located at bd corporate headquarters in franklin lakes ,  nj .   responsibilities  §  develop technical designs and high quality code using webmethods developer flow ,  or java services .     troubleshoot and help resolve security and firewall issues .   ·        participate in integration standard discussions ,  with such message standards as cxml ,  xcbl ,  ebxml ,  edi x . 12 ,  edifact and enterprise development standards related to publish - subscribe ,  request - reply and event - based integration patterns .     understand core elements of the following technologies  databases ,  xml ,  unix ,  nt ,  http ,  https ,  ftp ,  digital certificates    ability to effectively communicate  ( verbally / written )  information that is complete ,  accurate and appropriate for both it and business leaders    estimate effort involved in delivering solutions for business problems / opportunities    perform project lead  /  project management role for medium to large integration implementation projects .    this includes the planning and estimating tasks ,  monitoring and reporting of progress towards goals and understanding the factors that influence achievement of those goals .     develop creative ,  and possibly reusable ,  solutions to non - standard business and technical problems .   .   qualifications  knowledge and skills   ·        strong oral and written communication skills .   ·        strong problem solving skills and attention to detail .   education and experience   ·        b . s .  ,  computer science ,   job information technology  primary location us - new jersey - franklin lakes  shift first shift   /  day job  relocation available no     
 description this position requires strong organizational skills and a broad knowledge of business processes .  candidate must be able to communicate effectively .  candidate should be self - motivating and able to work independently .  the job will require programming in webmethods 8 . 2 .  applicants will develop in the following areas  all components of webmethods  ( integration server ,  broker ,  trading networks ,  monitor and modeler )  ,  programming in java and xml ,  databases  ( sql server ,  oracle )  and sql programming ,  and sap idocs ,  bapi processing .  they will learn emerging integration technologies and concepts  ( soa ,  web services ,  bpm etc .  )  this position is full - time and would primarily be located at bd corporate headquarters in franklin lakes ,  nj .  responsibilities  ?  develop technical designs and high quality code using webmethods developer flow ,  or java services .  troubleshoot and help resolve security and firewall issues .   ?  participate in integration standard discussions ,  with such message standards as cxml ,  xcbl ,  ebxml ,  edi x . 12 ,  edifact and enterprise development standards related to publish - subscribe ,  request - reply and event - based integration patterns  .  understand core elements of the following technologies  databases ,  xml ,  unix ,  nt ,  http ,  https ,  ftp ,  digital certificates ability to effectively communicate  ( verbally / written )  information that is complete ,  accurate and appropriate for both it and business leaders estimate effort involved in delivering solutions for business problems / opportunities perform project lead  /  project management role for medium to large integration implementation projects .  this includes the planning and estimating tasks ,  monitoring and reporting of progress towards goals and understanding the factors that influence achievement of those goals .  develop creative ,  and possibly reusable ,  solutions to non - standard business and technical problems .   .  qualifications knowledge and skills   ?  strong oral and written communication skills .   ?  strong problem solving skills and attention to detail .  education and experience   ?  b . s .  ,  computer science ,      
 sun life financial is a global financial institution with a trusted brand name .  headquartered in toronto ,  canada and in wellesley hills ,  ma in the us ,  our mission is to help our clients achieve lifetime financial security .  the stories of how our work and products touch the lives of our clients are truly inspirational .   what’s it like to work at sun life financial ?  you’ll find it dynamic and highly professional  collaborative and supportive .  we encourage career mobility .  sun life is also a socially responsible employer ,  supporting the communities in which we live and work ,  with a globally recognized commitment to the environment and sustainability .   position details   the sun life financial actuarial student program is designed for aspiring actuarial professionals and supports the continuing development of our actuarial community by promoting an environment conducive to a student s successful passing of actuarial exams .   paid summer opportunities are available for qualified students interested in pursuing a career as an actuary and who have or plan to sit for soa exams .   positions are located in our u . s .  headquarters in wellesley ,  ma .   actuarial interns can expect to build computer skills ,  learn insurance concepts and gain an understanding of product features and contracts .  you’ll gain an understanding of the insurance business in general ,  while learning to leverage technology based tools to perform analysis and solve problems .   but it’s not all work .  we offer a complete summer program ,  including lunch & learn sessions ,  networking opportunities with business leaders and members of the actuarial community ,  and social activities with other interns from across the organization .   previous events have included a summer softball game ,  kayaking on the charles river ,  duck tours of boston and a red sox game at historic fenway park .   you’ll also participate in sun life’s involvement with community and charitable organizations through a coordinated volunteer event .     must be currently enrolled in an accredited undergraduate degree program   minimum gpa of 3 . 0 / 4 . 0   demonstrated interest in actuarial profession   prior actuarial internship experience preferred   ability to translate complex ,  abstract concepts and theory   analytical ,  problem - solving and conceptual thinking skills   excellent verbal and written communication skills   proficiency with excel   programming skills preferred  job   actuarial  primary location   us - ma - wellesley  other locations   us - ct - windsor  employee status   temporary - full - time  oct 30 ,  2013 ,  8 59 00 pm     
 title  webmethods jr developer location  us - new jersey - franklin lakes job number  inf0006p this position requires strong organizational skills and a broad knowledge of business processes .  candidate must be able to communicate effectively .  candidate should be self - motivating and able to work independently .  the job will require programming in webmethods 8 . 2 .  applicants will develop in the following areas  all components of webmethods  ( integration server ,  broker ,  trading networks ,  monitor and modeler )  ,  programming in java and xml ,  databases  ( sql server ,  oracle )  and sql programming ,  and sap idocs ,  bapi processing .  they will learn emerging integration technologies and concepts  ( soa ,  web services ,  bpm etc .  )  this position is full - time and would primarily be located at bd corporate headquarters in franklin lakes ,  nj .  responsibilities § develop technical designs and high quality code using webmethods developer flow ,  or java services .    troubleshoot and help resolve security and firewall issues .  · participate in integration standard discussions ,  with such message standards as cxml ,  xcbl ,  ebxml ,  edi x . 12 ,  edifact and enterprise development standards related topublish - subscribe ,  request - reply and event - based integration patterns .    understand core elements of the following technologies  databases ,  xml ,  unix ,  nt ,  http ,  https ,  ftp ,  digital certificates   ability to effectively communicate  ( verbally / written )  information that is complete ,  accurate and appropriate for both it and business leaders   estimate effort involved in delivering solutions for business problems / opportunities   perform project lead  /  project management role for medium to large integration implementation projects .  this includes the planning and estimating tasks ,  monitoring and reporting of progress towards goals and understanding the factors that influence achievement of those goals .    develop creative ,  and possibly reusable ,  solutions to non - standard business and technical problems .  .  qualifications  knowledge and skills  · strong oral and written communication skills .  · strong problem solving skills and attention to detail .  education and experience  · b . s .  ,  computer science ,  job  information technology     
 our global software leader client has an immediate 6 month contract requirement for a junior - mid level core java developer .  this contract could easily be extended .  in this role ,  you will work as a member of a highly dynamic and mission critical it middleware and soa services team .  this team is tasked with integrating and maintaining the disparate systems that make up the backbone of the online and back - office presence .  duties include document ,  design ,  develop ,  test ,  and release enterprise middleware solutions that conform to enterprise design patterns using the jboss technology stack .  the individual is expected to contribute to the team capabilities and deliverables by demonstrating technical competency ,  personal initiative ,  creativity ,  learning ,  sharing ,  and teamwork .  the individual is also expected to collaborate closely with team members ,  both local and remote ,  and external groups .  primary job responsibilities  analyze and clarify business requirements to implement server - side business logic .  design ,  develop ,  test ,  and maintain rest and soap services conforming to the soa framework .  design ,  develop ,  test ,  and maintain jboss enterprise service bus for application integration conforming to enterprise integration patterns .  document use cases ,  create physical and logical data models ,  and build deployment plans .  analyze log files to help debug problems .  evaluate open source solutions to meet business needs .  provide technical support and ongoing application maintenance .  required skills  2+ years of demonstrated ability to perform object oriented analysis and design .  2+ years of demonstrated ability to implement design patterns in such languages as java ,  and perform linux administration .  2+ years of demonstrated ability to utilize java  ( including ejb3 )  ,  oracle pl / sql ,  mysql ,  hibernate ,  puppet ,  spring ,  and uml .  2+ years of demonstrated ability to develop applications working in an agile development environment .  2+ years of demonstrated ability with distributed source control like git or subversion .  bachelor s in cs ,  engineering ,  or other closely related field .  join a world - class team doing some of the best java development of your career ,  in a world - class work environment !  application requirements client will only consider local candidates .  client will not accept subcontractors you must be authorized to work in the u . s .  on a full - time basis .  required qualifications  j2ee enterprise java beans ejb web services java soa  ( service oriented architecture )  jboss rmi benefits / perks medical dental vision and life insurance for full - time w2 consultants .  supplemental disability and long - term care insurance dependent care assistance .  401 ( k )  with roth feature .  free e - learning courses about matrix whatever your career destination ,  we re how you get there .  for more than 27 years ,  matrix has placed talented contract and permanent it professionals like yourself at thousands of top - notch organizations throughout the u . s .  ,  ranging from fortune 50 to small it shops across all industries .  matrix surrounds you with personal services from assistance with your resume and interviewing skills ,  to background information on the companies you will interview with ,  and more .  once you are onboard as a matrix consultant ,  we offer outstanding benefits ,  a 401 ( k )  program  ( or plan )  ,  discounted training ,  and other valuable incentives .  apply today at matrix .  please note  your resume will never be submitted to a client company without your prior knowledge and consent to do so .      
 at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energy  environment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career .   june 2014 start date  title  retirement actuarial & non - actuarial intern  summary   · data collection and preparation  · government filings  · preparation of annual pension valuations  · develop benefit comparisons  · assist with regulatory compliance filings  · develop broader understanding of benefit programs and operations  · participate in special projects or assignments as instructed by supervisor  training   through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program .   through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as   · client services offered  by buck and xerox  · using webex  · business writing  · benefit plan documents  · spreadsheet design  · medical plan design  · benefits ,  pay and total  rewards  · personalized benefit  calculations  · team building  knowledge ,  skills and abilities   · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills  · minimum 3 . 0 grade point average  · excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues  · strong organizational skills  · ability to work independently and as part of a team  qualifications   · pursuing a bachelor’s degree .   · you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills .   · strong pc skills are required .   · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data .   · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam .   · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam progression .   expected travel  none  xerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail to accommodations@xerox . com .   virtual / work from home ?  no     
 job order  j0913 - 0617  -  permanent full time title  jr .  programmer category  information technology city  albany ,  georgia ,  united states job description  jr .  programmer cgi federal is seeking a jr .  programmer to support usmc logistics programs based out of albany ,  ga .  the selected candidate will provide development ,  testing ,  and documentation support for a variety of automated applications .  writes moderately complex pc - based computer programs in a variety of 4gl development tools including ,  but not limited to ,  java .  duties inclue   -  diagnoses system problems and defects .   -  develops code design specifications  ( critical design review )  and algorithms to solve difficult problems .   -  exercises good coding standards  ( comments ,  code optimization )   -  develop and conduct presentations to client on technical issues .   -  develop code in the language appropriate to the project assigned .   -  develops and conducts unit test plans .  requirements bachelors degree 1 year of directly related work experience required .  additional requirements  -  ability to successfully complete the cgi background investigation to include  50 state criminal ,  education and employment  additionally ,  your ability to successfully complete a credit and / or driving records checks may be conducted if required by the contract for continued employment .   -  possession of an interim secret security clearance is required to begin employment  ability to maintain a secret security clearance is required for continued employment  us citizenship is required .   -  java ,  shell scripts ,  oracle 10g or higher database ,  j2ee ,  xml / xsd / wsdl / uddi  -  a working knowledge of cmm - sei and cmm - i  -  strong problem solving and resolution skills .   -  excellent oral and written communication skills .   -  will be working on us marine corps installation .  must be able to pass background checks and meet any additional government worksite requirements .   -  have security+ certification or obtain in the first 6 months of employment .  desired  -  hibernate ,  spring ,  eclipse ,  jdeveloper 11g ,  web logic ,  oracle portal ,  multi - threading ,  soa ,  sso ,  jboss  -  source control systems  ( cvs ,  subversion ,  harvest )  at cgi ,  we re a team of builders .  we call our employees members because all who join cgi are building their own company  -  one that has grown to 69 , 000 professionals located in 40 countries .  founded in 1976 ,  cgi is a leading it and business process services firm committed to helping clients succeed .  we have the global resources ,  expertise ,  stability and dedicated professionals needed to achieve results for our clients  -  and for our members .  come grow with us .  learn more at www . cgi . com .  this is a great opportunity to join a winning team .  cgi offers a competitive compensation package with opportunities for growth and professional development .  benefits for full - time ,  permanent members start on the first day of employment and include a paid time - off program and profit participation and stock purchase plans .  we wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position ,  however ,  only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted .  no unsolicited agency referrals please .  we are an equal opportunity employer .  skills  -  cmmi  -  communication  ( oral / written )   -  detail - oriented  -  j2ee  -  java  -  oracle  -  sec clear aus  secret  -  security certification  -  shell script  -  xml reference  278516     
 job title intern  -  it software developer autoreqid 6634br location / worksite mi ,  ada company profile as an $11 . 3 billion dollar pioneer in the direct selling industry ,  amway has been helping the world live better lives since 1959 .  amway now employs 21 , 000 worldwide .  we are a consumer goods manufacturer supporting more than three million independent business owners who provide products and services in 100 - plus countries and territories .  based in ada ,  michigan ,  amway is not only a center of health ,  home and skincare innovation and top - selling ,  global brands .  we are a company committed to providing employees with challenging career opportunities ,  a comprehensive total rewards package ,  profit sharing ,  tuition assistance ,  product discounts and an award - winning wellness program with on - site fitness facilities in ada ,  michigan and buena park ,  california .  here ,  you have the opportunity to add value and be valued – to deliver your highest value professionally ,  while building relationships with exceptional people who genuinely value you .  for more information or to apply ,  visit our website at www . amway . com / careers minimum education / experience requirements sophomore ,  junior ,  senior or graduate student .  major field of study in computer science or other technical discipline .  enthusiam for learning and innovative thinking .  must have strong verbal and written communication skills and professional etiquette .  technical skills  visual studio ,  java ,  ios ,  oracle ,  sql .  general knowledge of software implementation ,  testing and deployment .  job description background  sourcing it is responsible for developing ,  maintaining and improving technology solutions that support the supply chain planning and forecasting areas .  project description  a developer will learn new technologies and gain understanding of business processes .  this person will be part of a dynamic and friendly team that strives to deliver quality solutions .  software developers at amway get to experience the challenge of creating ,  maintaining ,  and enhancing global integration applications that are integral to the daily operations of a large business .  developers will gain experience with a variety of languages and enterprise platforms which are leveraged to provide areas of the business from research & development to finance with it solutions that optimize their business processes .  key deliverables   -  general integration enhancements  -  increased efficiencies and / or reduced costs to the supply chain candidate development   -  gain understanding of supply chain processes .   -  improved developer skills and capabilities .   -  an opportunity to learn from all levels of leadership in a global company .   -  this person would be trained on oracle soa suite integration and be responsible for providing integrations on the atlas oracle e - biz and / or global web applications .   this is a summer 2014 internship  qualified candidates must have a minimum gpa of 3 . 0 and one semester or more left of school to complete at the beginning of their internship .  candidates who have graduated are not eligible to intern .  this position is located in ada ,  michigan .      
 title  buck consultants  -  retirement actuarial internlocation  united states - ohio - clevelandjob number  13028885at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energyenvironment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career . june 2014 start datetitle  retirement actuarial & non - actuarial internsummary · data collection and preparation· government filings· preparation of annual pension valuations· develop benefit comparisons· assist with regulatory compliance filings· develop broader understanding of benefit programs and operations· participate in special projects or assignments as instructed by supervisortraining through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program . through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as · client services offeredby buck and xerox· using webex· business writing· benefit plan documents· spreadsheet design· medical plan design· benefits ,  pay and totalrewards· personalized benefitcalculations· team buildingknowledge ,  skills and abilities · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills· minimum 3 . 0 grade point average· excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues· strong organizational skills· ability to work independently and as part of a teamqualifications · pursuing a bachelor’s degree . · you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills . · strong pc skills are required . · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data . · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam . · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam progression . expected travel  nonexerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail to accommodations@xerox . com . virtual / work from home ?  no     
 at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energy  environment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career .   june 2014 start date  title  retirement actuarial & non - actuarial intern  summary   · data collection and preparation  · government filings  · preparation of annual pension valuations  · develop benefit comparisons  · assist with regulatory compliance filings  · develop broader understanding of benefit programs and operations  · participate in special projects or assignments as instructed by supervisor  training   through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program .   through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as   · client services offered  by buck and xerox  · using webex  · business writing  · benefit plan documents  · spreadsheet design  · medical plan design  · benefits ,  pay and total  rewards  · personalized benefit  calculations  · team building  knowledge ,  skills and abilities   · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills  · minimum 3 . 0 grade point average  · excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues  · strong organizational skills  · ability to work independently and as part of a team  qualifications   · pursuing a bachelor’s degree .   · you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills .   · strong pc skills are required .   · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data .   · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam .   · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam progression .   expected travel  none  xerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail to accommodations@xerox . com .   virtual / work from home ?  no     
 this is an internship position and all applicants must be registered full time students to apply .  these positions are to start in the summer of 2013 for students currently enrolled in an undergraduate program .  opportunities are for ibm s dublin ,  ohio location .   ibm s software group is looking for college students with a strong academic and technical background who are interested in software development .  we are seeking students in engineering or computer science disciplines who have strong problem solving skills ,  a passion for technology ,  and the leadership potential to shape solutions that impact the planet .  candidates must be highly motivated and possess great communication and collaboration skills to be successful in our team - based program .   ibm s dublin lab program is a tremendous opportunity for you to work with your peers to address a real - world b2b business problem using an iterative development model .  you will be exposed to the design ,  develop ,  test and document phases of the software development life cycle .  you will be coached by ibm engineers who will help you learn and apply methods for developing first class software .  as a program participant ,  you will see how social media can be used in the context of project development .  ibm interns are asked to innovate ,  problem solve ,  and grow technical competencies while owning the solution delivery .  you will be expected to present status ,  demos and options to discovered challenges .  for a glimpse of what it means to be an ibm intern in our dublin facility goto https  /  / www . ibm . com .  .  .   if you have a zeal for learning and the energy to be part of the world s premier technology company ,  we want you to be part of ibm s 2013 intern program .   required   high school diploma / ged   basic knowledge in software development   basic knowledge in java / j2ee ,  web development  ( javascript ,  dojo )  ,  oo design ,  websphere ,  mq ,  soa frameworks ,  database db2 / sql ,  web services  ( wsdl ,  soap )  ,  xml   english  fluent  preferred   information technology   at least 6 months experience in software development   at least 6 months experience in java / j2ee ,  web development  ( javascript ,  dojo )  ,  oo design ,  websphere ,  mq ,  soa frameworks ,  database db2 / sql ,  web services  ( wsdl ,  soap )  ,  xml  ibm is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  genetics ,  disability ,  age ,  or veteran status .       preferred   information technology   at least 6 months experience in software development   at least 6 months experience in java / j2ee ,  web development  ( javascript ,  dojo )  ,  oo design ,  websphere ,  mq ,  soa frameworks ,  database db2 / sql ,  web services  ( wsdl ,  soap )  ,  xml     
 title  buck consultants  -  health & productivity intern location  united states - new york - new york job number  13028919 at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energy environment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career .  june 2014 start date title  health & productivity actuarial & non - actuarial intern summary  · preparation of monthly claims reports ,  financial analysis of utilization reports ,  self - funded plan projections and development of employee contributions · preparation of benchmark studies · prepare rfps for vendor marketing projects and analyze responses · review of insurance contracts ,  plan documents ,  summary plan descriptions and employee communication materials · reports for manager review · assist in regulatory compliance filings · all work will be done under the direction of a project manager training  through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program .  through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as  · client services offered by buck and xerox · using webex · business writing · benefit plan documents · spreadsheet design · medical plan design · benefits ,  pay and total rewards · personalized benefit calculations · team building knowledge ,  skills and abilities  · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills · minimum 3 . 0 grade point average · excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues · strong organizational skills · ability to work independently and as part of a team qualifications  · pursuing a bachelor’s degree .  · you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills .  · strong pc skills are required .  · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data .  · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam .  · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam progression .  expected travel  none xerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail to accommodations@xerox . com .  virtual / work from home ?  no     
 at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energy  environment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career .   june 2014 start date  title  health & productivity actuarial & non - actuarial intern  summary   · preparation of monthly claims reports ,  financial analysis of utilization reports ,  self - funded plan projections and development of employee contributions  · preparation of benchmark studies  · prepare rfps for vendor marketing projects and analyze responses  · review of insurance contracts ,  plan documents ,  summary plan descriptions and employee communication materials  · reports for manager review  · assist in regulatory compliance filings  · all work will be done under the direction of a project manager  training   through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program .   through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as   · client services offered  by buck and xerox  · using webex  · business writing  · benefit plan documents  · spreadsheet design  · medical plan design  · benefits ,  pay and total  rewards  · personalized benefit  calculations  · team building  knowledge ,  skills and abilities   · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills  · minimum 3 . 0 grade point average  · excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues  · strong organizational skills  · ability to work independently and as part of a team  qualifications   · pursuing a bachelor’s degree .  you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills .   · strong pc skills are required .   · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data .   · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam .   · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam  progression .   expected travel  none  xerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail to accommodations@xerox . com .   virtual / work from home ?  no     
 at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energy  environment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career .   june 2014 start date  title  retirement actuarial & non - actuarial intern  summary   · data collection and preparation  · government filings  · preparation of annual pension valuations  · develop benefit comparisons  · assist with regulatory compliance filings  · develop broader understanding of benefit programs and operations  · participate in special projects or assignments as instructed by supervisor  training   through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program .   through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as   · client services offered  by buck and xerox  · using webex  · business writing  · benefit plan documents  · spreadsheet design  · medical plan design  · benefits ,  pay and total  rewards  · personalized benefit  calculations  · team building  knowledge ,  skills and abilities   · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills  · minimum 3 . 0 grade point average  · excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues  · strong organizational skills  · ability to work independently and as part of a team  qualifications   · pursuing a bachelor’s degree .   · you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills .   · strong pc skills are required .   · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data .   · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam .   · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam progression .   expected travel  none  xerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail to accommodations@xerox . com .   virtual / work from home ?  no     
 title  buck consultants  -  health & productivity actuarial intern location  united states - pennsylvania - berwyn job number  13028918 at buck consultants ,  a xerox company ,  you’ll discover an innovative ,  high - energy environment that inspires top achievement .  as a prestigious highly successful leader in providing employee benefit ,  actuarial ,  outsourcing and hr management consulting services ,  we have the strong resources ,  solid reputation and global reach to enrich your work life and enhance your career .  june 2014 start date title  health & productivity actuarial & non - actuarial intern summary  · preparation of monthly claims reports ,  financial analysis of utilization reports ,  self - funded plan projections and development of employee contributions · preparation of benchmark studies · prepare rfps for vendor marketing projects and analyze responses · review of insurance contracts ,  plan documents ,  summary plan descriptions and employee communication materials · reports for manager review · assist in regulatory compliance filings · all work will be done under the direction of a project manager training  through real - life client assignments and courses offered by buck consultants university ,  interns will receive both on - the - job and classroom training .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a specially designed virtual training program .  through webcasts ,  individual assignments and team projects ,  you will learn about things such as  · client services offered by buck and xerox · using webex · business writing · benefit plan documents · spreadsheet design · medical plan design · benefits ,  pay and total rewards · personalized benefit calculations · team building knowledge ,  skills and abilities  · math ,  actuarial science ,  business or economics degree or equivalent to demonstrate strong analytical skills · minimum 3 . 0 grade point average · excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues · strong organizational skills · ability to work independently and as part of a team qualifications  · pursuing a bachelor’s degree .  you must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills .  · strong pc skills are required .  · must have advanced skills in excel to manipulate large amounts of data .  · the actuarial intern role prefers the completion of one actuarial exam .  · the non - actuarial intern role does not need or require any soa exam progression .  expected travel  none xerox business services ,  llc and its subsidiaries is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  ancestry ,  national origin ,  age ,  gender / sex ,  marital status ,  sexual orientation ,  physical or mental disability ,  use of a guide dog or service animal ,  military / veteran status ,  citizenship status ,  the basis of genetic information or any other group protected by federal or state law or local ordinance .  people with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with acs may request such accommodation ( s )  by calling 866 - 419 - 2226 or by sending an e - mail toaccommodations@xerox . com .  virtual / work from home ?  no     
 go to a specific company ,  search through their press releases and fill out a simple excel spreadsheet with specific information .  then do a few follow - up web lookup via google searches .  desired skills  admin assistant data entry research     
 responsible for maintaining ,  improving and managing the organizations current six web - based publications and future growth websites .  this position will work with the webmaster and the marketing department to keep our 15 , 000 products updated and marketed online .  principal duties and responsibilities maintain current / future websites with new / deleted / changed product information and graphics manipulate product graphics for email advertising and product detail information on sites using photoshop troubleshoot user problems with sites constantly monitor our websites for broken links or textual errors meet deadlines set for site enhancements accept directions from the webmaster required knowledge ,  skills ,  abilities superior attention to detail an excellent command of html language & css data base structure understanding and knowledge robust knowledge of the ever - changing internet marketing landscape working knowledge of microsoft excel and word working knowledge / experience with javascript ,  photoshop ,  adobe acrobat and macromedia flash knowledge of w3c standards ,  current browser technology ,  and search engines well developed organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and balance multiple assignments simultaneously willingness to go beyond the exact specifications of a task to suggest additional aspects that would help the overall quality of the sites a driving desire to make our sites aesthetically pleasing ,  functional ,  interactive ,  easily navigable and error free a desirable candidate will be task oriented and self motivated a desire to learn and undertake new and unfamiliar job responsibilities and tasks be a team player to facilitate the overall company objectives education and experience entry level  1+ years experience creating websites a web design certificate or equivalent experience e - commerce knowledge a plus marketing classes or knowledge a plus ( this job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work being performed .  it is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities ,  duties ,  and skills required .  ) job title  internet assistantdepartment  marketingstatus  full time     
 i need a personal assistant to do online searches for a client list that i have .  the work consists of taking a client name ,  and searching online for their business address .  then entering their name ,  address and phone number into an excel spreadsheet .  i have a list of some 400 names that need to be searched .  desired skills  data entry internet marketing microsoft excel     
 looking for someone with social media expertise for facebook ,  google plus and pinterest .  will need you to grow all avenues ,  as well as post consistently to gain traction ,  increase likes ,  shares ,  pins ,  followers ,  gpluses ,  etc .  you must have great english grammar and use skype as communication to chat with us .  desired skills  internet marketing social media marketing social media optimization  ( smo )      
 new production company looking for a research assistant to compile everything that is currently on the web about our projects and our members .  we need to compile a database of the current reviews ,  stories etc about our company .  upon hire we will provide names of our clients the business name and projects we are looking for info on .  look forward to working with you soon .  desired skills  internet marketing market research     
 i am a recruiter and i focus exclusively on the healthcare it industry .  i need help collecting contact information for hiring managers in several cities so that i can make sales calls and send emails to them .  example titles i am interested in  chief information officer ,  cio vp or director or manager of one of the following   -  information systems  -  clinical applications or systems  -  financial applications or systems  -  ambulatory applications or systems  -  revenue cycle application or systems i am currently interested in the houston ,  tx area and have attached a list of the companies that i want to get contacts for .  i expect there to be a minimum of 3 contacts in each company and more in larger companies .  i have attached a sample spreadsheet with some examples ,  in which to report the information .  please see detailed instructions in the attached document for how i want the data reported .  i will pay a flat rate of $50 for the list .  the contact information must be current .  if more than 20% of the contacts are no longer at the company when i call them ,  i will ask for the research to be redone .  desired skills  admin assistant data entry research     
 i need someone to go through linkedin contacts and based on the criteria i provide ,  to key contact information into a spreadsheet .  i will need this work consistently .  i m not sure how many hours per week it will be .  i would guess about 10 hours per week .  i have some flexibility with deadlines for those who work by themselves .  it is very important that you have many satisfied customers and know how to use linkedin and either excel of google s spreadsheet it is important that you can communicate effectively in english desired skills  data entry spreadsheet admin assistant computer skills     
 i have an excel list of the names and addresses of approx .  300 companies in houston .  the attached is just a short selection ,  as an example .  the red writing shows what i want you to find .  for each company ,  i need someone to find out and record in the spreadsheet  1 . the website address  ( example   )  suggestions  use google !  2 .  try to find the name of 2 employees or more in the h . r .   ( human resources )  dept .   ( first choice !  )  or if that cannot be found ,  then any member of the management team  ( second choice )  .  note  if you find a listing somewhere of many employees  names at that company ,  that s even better .  please copy them all together in bulk and paste them all into the spreadsheet for me .  suggestions   -  check the company s own website under pages such as  careers  or  job openings  or  about us  or  management team  .   -  check linked in or google or twitter .   -  do some detective work !  get creative !  for example ,  in the excel spreadsheet attached ,  you can see i found the name and email of some people called steve and vicente and bob .  these names weren t easy to find on the company website ,  so i had to go onto linked in and search for the company name ,   2020exhibits  .  the search result showed me there was someone named   steve b .    currently employed there .  so i searched on google for  steve @2020exhibits . com  .  .  . and the email address came up .  unfortunately ,  this employee does not work in the houston branch .  but it s ok ,  because at least now we know the email pattern that company uses .  so again ,  looking in linkedin ,  i saw someone with the job of   i / d supervisor at 2020exhibits   and this person does work in houston .  so on google ,  i search for  i / d supervisor 2020exhibits houston  .  .  . and the name vicente ramirez appears !  great !  now we have a houston employee s name and his email address will probably be the same pattern as steve gorham .  and still on the same page in google ,  somewhere below i can see that it lists bob babine is the president of the 2020exhibits company !  fantastic !  so now we can assume we have his email address must be  ( or since bob is short for robert ,  it might be so let s save both of them ,  just in case !  )  3 .  the email addresses of one or more of those employees .  if you were able to give me lots of employee names from that one company ,  then if you just give me the email  pattern   ( example  or  )  that the company uses ,  it s ok too .  i can use the same pattern for each employee s name .  suggestions   -  check the company s own website .   -  use google to search for @anycompany . com and   @anycompany . com   and peter smith @anycompany . com note  if no specific employee name and email can be found from their website ,  please try to get an overall generic email  ( example   )  ,  but this is not really what i want .  it should only be the last resort .  desired skills  admin assistant data entry research     
 i have numerous contact lists and i want to email each contact introducing our company .  a template exists for the email ,  minor edit for each email  -  to make the email personal  -  adding name .  .  . hi _____ ,  and adding company in the body of the email .  the biggest challenge ,  how to make the email 1 )  look like it comes from me and 2 )  how to make sure that if they reply to the email that the reply comes directly to me ?  your solution is key to this assignment .  desired skills  advertising email marketing internet marketing     
 tommy john ,  a disruptive ,  venture - backed ny - based brand ,  is seeking a web development intern for its rapidly expanding ecommerce business .  our products are carried at department stores like nordstrom and neiman marcus .  our online ,  direct - to - consumer business is exploding .  we were on business insider’s list of “top 51 companies that are changing the way we shop“ and comments like “tommy john is the apple of men’s underwear” confirm the belief that we are onto something revolutionary .  this internship is flexible and can be what you make of it .  while the focus will mainly be frontend development ,  there will be opportunities across the spectrum of development -  -  from conception and design to coding and testing -  -  available to you .  what you ll do  create responsive css and html for new and existing pages assist with webpage design engage in all aspects of development conduct user experience research who you are  eager to work in a fast - paced startup comfortable taking initiative energetic ,  organized and detail - oriented qualifications  working knowledge of html ,  css and web standards some basic knowledge of javascript experience with photoshop some awesome parts of being a tommy john intern      
 we re looking for web developers with proven experience designing applications front to back on the ruby / rails framework .  our company s success depends on integrating other services with the pebble  -  web integration is a key component in this chain .  preferred technical chops   -  experiencing designing and implementing ruby / rails - based web apps  -  keen eye for design and graphics  ( ps )   -  script in ruby and javascript  -  experience with test driven development using rspec as a pebble co - op ,  you will have access to mentorship from our entire engineering team .  you will also develop software that has a direct impact on our end user experience as well as get to work closely with several of our partners too .  we love seeing what our applicants are working on and find interesting !  show us evidence of your past projects and hacks right in your resume package .  include links to your github repo ,  blog posts ,  pics and any cool stuff you ve done in coursework .  benefits   -  housing allowance  ( if you live around palo alto )   -  commuter allowance  ( if you live outside of palo alto )   -  all flights and visa details paid and organized by pebble perks   -  opportunity to work on fast - moving project in small teams  -  participate in hackathons ,  work directly with external partners  ( past co - op did work featured by chromeos team )   -  team offsites  ( bbqs ,  ramen outings ,  hiking adventures ,  weekend getaways )   -  open kitchen filled with all kinds of snacks and drinks  -  free catered lunches  -  limited edition pebble schwag  ( a pebble of your own of course ,  t - shirts ,  beer mug ,  etc .  .  .  )   -  pick your own workstation  ?      
 zappos . com ,  inc .  is looking for a mobile web front end development college intern !   why join us ?  our unique culture has made zappos . com ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries one of fortune’s 100 best companies to work for five years straight .  find out why  http  /  / money . cnn . com .  .  .   why else .  .  .  .   want more ?  summer interns may qualify for corporate housing assistance ,  free food and drinks on our campus ,  social events throughout the internship ,  and a 40 percent off discount on zappos . com !   if you are interested ,  please go to internships . zappos . com and apply directly to the position on there !   who are we ?   the mobile web team at zappos is responsible for maintaining and improving the shopping experience for mobile customers using a phone web browser ,  delivering an optimized experience for a growing platform .  we complement and provide an alternative to our highly rated native application experiences for ios ,  android and kindle fire to create rich experiences that make shopping on the mobile web easy ,  intuitive and enjoyable .  our work includes analyzing user studies and working with our analytics team to understand what works and what needs to be improved ,  utilizing split testing to try out new ideas ,  and endlessly seeking performance gains to make a fast ,  fluid experience regardless of the customer s connection speed !   what will you do ?   as a college intern on the mobile web team ,  you will play an important role in our development process .  you’ll work with designers to ensure that our sites communicate the zappos  ( and related )  brands .  as a developer ,  you’ll work with senior members of the mobile web team to create new features in our custom framework ,  using our restful apis and using the awesome technologies and tools available to web developers of today ,  like grunt ,  node . js ,  html5 ,  javascript and nginx !   in this position ,  you’ll be challenged to grow professionally by creating pixel perfect features that work well on everything from a 3 . 5” phone to a 10” tablet .  you will learn about the entire workflow of creating a mobile optimized web site professionally ,  from design ,  brainstorming and split testing through deployment and bug fixing .   cliffnote version    you ll design and brainstorm new features !    you ll code more than anything else !    you ll test !    you ll do it all from sunny las vegas ,  nv and make the mobile web better !   are you a match ?     computer science or related major preferred ,  or if you have a passion for web development and a love of all things mobile we’re ok with that too !    able to finish tasks without direct supervision   exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a customer service orientation   detail oriented and organized   being comfortable on the command line is a plus .    thinking javascript and node . js are the bomb is also a plus !    normal working business hours are monday through friday 8 30 a . m .  to 5 30 p . m .    must be willing to relocate to las vegas ,  nv for the summer of 2014  ( did we mention we have some sweet housing lined up ?  !  )   team fun fact   the mobile web team grew up in europe and south america .  rumors that we are attempting to have a representative from each of the seven continents are false .   if you are interested ,  please apply directly on internships . zappos . com .  don t apply on here because we will direct you to internships . zappos . com .  doing more with less !   zappos . com ,  inc .  is an equal opportunity employer and drug - free workplace .      
 healthmap ,  located in boston children s hospital ,  is looking for a college student interested in web design and public health to work on their flu near you project .   the main duty of the intern will be the performance of a quality assurance protocol on various web browsers  ( chrome ,  safari ,  firefox and internet explorer versions 7 - 10 )  to make certain that all aspects of the website are functioning correctly .   website bugs will be reported to the web developer through a   bug tacker   tool developed specifically for this project .   additionally ,  the intern is encouraged to critically evaluate the look and overall usability of the website .   undergrad with interest in web design and public health .   please send your resumes to  sumiko . mekaru@childrens . harvard . edu     
 disney professional internships  disney destinations internet sales internship  company overview  since its opening in 1955 ,  the disneyland® resort in anaheim ,  california has welcomed guests of all ages from around the globe .  the disneyland resort features two spectacular theme parks – disneyland  ( the original disney theme park )  and disney california adventure park – plus the downtown disney district comprised of unique dining ,  entertainment and shopping experiences .  the resort’s three hotels are the luxurious disney’s grand californian hotel & spa  the magical disneyland hotel and disney’s paradise pier hotel with its   day - at - the - beach   fun .   department overview  this position is part of the sales & travel operations  ( sato )  internet sales team .  the team’s sales efforts support the full disney destinations portfolio ,  with emphasis on sales thru 3rd party internet accounts .    may also include the following     coordinate and provide resort hotel site inspections to clients on an as needed basis    managing sweepstakes  producing prize winner certificates ,  processing ticket and room requests ,  and communicating with the prize winner    administrative support for client trainings    maintaining and shipping sales merchandise and collateral    processing invoices    overall point - of - contact support for account managers   these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently enrolled ,  or graduated within 6 months of the start date of this internship ,  in an accredited u . s .  college / university ,  earning a degree majoring in business ,  marketing ,  sales or a similar major    demonstrated computer proficiency within a windows environment    demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills    demonstrated strong partnering skills     prior participation in the disney college program    previous internship experience in e - commerce ,  advertising or marketing    familiarity with online advertising ,  search engine marketing and e - commerce    proven self starter and with the ability to balance multiple priorities  additional information internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u . s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or must have graduated from a u . s .  college / university within 6 months of the start date of the internship for which you are     
 web design intern u - haul corporate headquarters u - haul international 2727 n central avephoenix  ,  az description  the u - haul web team is looking for a web design intern who is passionate about building beautiful ,  easy - to - use websites with standards - based design practices .  schedules are flexible ,  the environment is conducive to being creative ,  and working from home is a reality .  our ideal candidate has some skills in visual design ,  css based layout ,  and taking complex things and making them simple .  u - haul is an equal opportunity employer and a drug free environment .  work status  temporary / seasonal     
 job description social media interns  you are about to graduate from college ,  or you just graduated from college .  you love social media -  - kickstarter ,  instagram ,  twitter ,  youtube -  - sure ,  even facebook .  you ll be perfect for our company s social media internship .  beyond an insane passion for social media ,  all the usual self - starter traits that you undoubtedly possess ,  you ll need an equally huge passion for our social media campaign ads  .  the internships are based in our new york city .  interested ?  send an email to us with your resume and in the subject line   social media intern ,    or send us a paragraph about yourself and a paragraph about your interest in the position .  serious inquiries only please !  !  qualifications excellent written and oral communication skills understanding of instagram ,  facebook ,  twitter & youtube solid understanding of the internet and social media marketing best practices fearless attitude towards technology and a willingness to learn additional information please email all inquiries to jessica . allurentertainment@gmail . com or info@allurentertainment . com     
 web development internjoin a team of talented professionals and change the world .   help build scalable ,  cutting - edge web applications which will benefit millions ofusers .   from backend  ( python ,  node . js )  to frontend  ( html ,  css ,  javascript )  work ,  if you are passionate about writing excellent code and want to have a fun and rewarding internship ,  mozilla wants to hear from  you . you will be enthusiastically mentored ,  but expect to own a project and ship a release during your internship . your technical profile experience with javascript software development experience with web development in python ,  perl ,  ruby ,  etc .  active experience with html5 and css experience with web application techniques like ajax familiarity with frameworks like django and jquery amazing debugging skills ,  firefox developer tools are your friends willingness to write tests  ( unit and functional )  ,  even if you don t want to web engineering internweb engineering is looking for hard - working ,  clever interns to tackle hard problems and ship real software .  you will be enthusiastically mentored ,  but expect to own a project and ship a release during your internship .  we build web systems that support the mozilla engineering community ,  including such fun things as crash reporting ,  health reporting ,  static analysis ,  and localization .  all of them are web - based ,  but many of them are complex ,  and include such things as interfacing with the firefox build system or analyzing large amounts of data . your technical profile should include some of experience with html5 / css / js experience with web development in a modern language ,  preferably python familiarity with web frameworks ,  both client and server side love of testing  \ o /  interest in web systems more complex than your average blog / crud app written and verbal communication skills  -  you ll be on irc and participating in mailing lists if you have experience with open source projects ,  include links to your projects / patches / github / etc with your application ,  please !      
 gtm sportswear is looking for a part time web developer intern  .  the web developer intern will be responsible for supporting and enhancing the existing infrastructure as well as developing new systems and applications .  the intern will work around 20 hours per week and would need to be able to work in between the hours of 8 00 a . m .  to 5 00 p . m .  essential responsibilities  develops new web applications as identified by supervisor and management through packaged and customized applications .   maintains and enhances existing web applications .   performs complete testing of web applications ,  units and systems ,  engaging users as necessary .   designs and implements user - driven templates ,  databases and interfaces for ease of use .   develops database - driven web interfaces for rapid ,  real - time information sharing .   presents information and responds to questions from groups of managers ,  clients ,  and customers .   competes position specific training plan ,  and engages in continuous development utilizing a developmental plan .   upholds and contributes to gtm s service goals by making “service personal   for every customer during every interaction and process .  qualifications education   undergraduate in computer science ,  mis ,  or related coursework .  job requirements   experience in  . net .   experience in javascript and jquery api .   understanding of sql ,  object oriented development ,  microsoft sql server 2005 .   knowledge of xml a plus .   ability to work independently and efficiently to meet deadlines .   ability to promptly answer support related emails ,  phone calls and other electronic communications .   self motivated ,  detail oriented and organized .   proficient in internet related applications such as e - mail clients ,  ftp clients and web browsers .   excellent communication ,  oral ,  written ,  interpersonal ,  organizational ,  a presentation skills .   the ability to communicate and teach non - technical users .   respond proactively to training ,  technical support and customer service needs in line with provided guidelines .      
 learning & development administrative assistant  summary   the l&d admin provides administrative support ,  identifying and implementing the needs of the department ,  site ,  and facilitators .   responsible for planning and logistics for new hire and continuing education training site events and national training initiatives .   update and maintain l&d records and reporting .   essential duties and responsibilities   ·         prepare facilitator and participant material for new hire and continuing education classes  ·         compile and maintain statistics / graphs for training classes and tcc  ·         assist with the organization and implementation of employee activities  ·         assist manager in daily duties and responsibilities to promote the success of the l&d team  ·         order training supplies and reward and recognition items  ·         data entry for new hires for e - mail and assessments  ·         develop and prepare training graduation celebrations  ·         set up appointments ,  arrange travel ,  plan meetings  ·        update and maintain national and local training calendar   ·         prepare facilitator and participant material for new hire and continuing education classes  ·         compile and maintain statistics / graphs for training classes and tcc  ·         assist with the organization and implementation of employee activities  ·         assist manager in daily duties and responsibilities to promote the success of the l&d team  ·         order training supplies and reward and recognition items  ·         data entry for new hires for e - mail and assessments  ·         develop and prepare training graduation celebrations  ·         set up appointments ,  arrange travel ,  plan meetings  ·        update and maintain national and local training calendar   ·        strong organizational ,  written and verbal communication ,  and interpersonal skills  ·        microsoft office ,  outlook  ·        knowledge of systems ,  i . e .  quikview ,  t - metrics ,  t - community ,  engineering remedy ,  elms ,  etc .   ·        understanding of training department needs  ·        basic knowledge of web design  education & experience / training  ·        high school diploma  ·        1 to 3+ years of administrative experience in a fast - paced environment  knowledge ,  skills and abilities   ·        microsoft office ,  outlook ,  access ,  powerpoint  ·        internet explorer  ·        laminator ,  copy machines  ·        excellent written ,  verbal and interpersonal skills ,  including ability to formulate and present information necessary to drive change  physical requirements and abilities   the employee is continuously required to sit or stand at a computer workstation ,  grasp ,  push ,  and pull with right and left hands ,  handle ,  finger ,  and key repetitively with right and left hands .   the employee is continuously required to mouse at the computer .   the employee is frequently required to write .   the employee is continuously required to read ,  speak ,  and / or hear .  the employee must occasionally lift and / or move up to 10 pounds .   specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision ,  depth perception ,  and ability to adjust focus .   the employee will continuously be required to reason and understand  and will have continuous internal customer contact .   work environment   employee will be required to work in a windowless environment .   the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate .   america s un - carrier ,  t - mobile us ,  inc .   ( nyse    tmus   )  is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation .  the company s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value .  based in bellevue ,  wash .  ,  t - mobile us operates its flagship brands ,  t - mobile and metropcs .  it currently serves approximately 43 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70 , 000 points of distribution .   you can also expect that it will be high energy from day one at t - mobile  career growth ,  personal recognition ,  and diversity are all part of the mix .  you ll enjoy competitive pay ,  special employee phone plans ,  generous paid time off ,  tuition assistance ,  medical and dental coverage ,  a great company - matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  advanced training ,  and more .   t - mobile is an equal opportunity employer  ( eoe )  .  we strongly support diversity in the workforce .      
 about the organization  eeo / drug - free employer description  physical therapist assistant  /  pta  /  physical therapy our company  hcr manorcare the leading provider of short -  and long - term medical and rehabilitation care is seeking a passionate and driven physical therapist assistant  /  pta  .  if you are looking for a challenging and rewarding career assisting our patients in a time of need ,  then we are looking for you !  our caring philosophy and commitment  our physical therapist assistants  /  pta are the cornerstone to hcr manor care s commitment to caring .  working in the health care environment can be very demanding ,  and it is our goal to provide the tools to help our physical therapist assistants  /  pta understand and commit to the philosophy that defines our culture .  our strength is not just quality of care ,  but also our quality of caring .  we are interested in employing physical therapist assistants  /  pta who are as passionate as we are about ensuring that our patients and residents receive the care and support services they need and deserve .   -  network of more than 500 in - house long - term care centers ,  assisted living facilities ,  outpatient rehabilitation clinics ,  and home health care & hospice offices  -  outcomes comparable to and often exceeding those of acute care and rehab hospitals in a more cost - effective setting  -  state - of - the - art equipment and clean and spacious rehab gyms  -  professional growth and opportunities for advancement  -  flexible scheduling available at select locations  -  mentorship and growth opportunities  -  competitive wages  -  free on - line ceu program for full - time / part - time employees  ( prn discounted )  in addition to in - house ceu s provided  -  comprehensive benefits package  -  eligible at 30+ hours / week  -  benefits start 1st day of the month following 30 days of employment )   -  pto ,  medical / dental / vision ,  401 ( k )  match ,  disability and life insurance a physical therapist assistant performs physical therapy programs under the general supervision of a physical therapist unless the state practice is more stringent .  educational requirements  graduate of accredited two - year physical therapy assistant program and obtained a passing score on the national physical therapy examination or licensed ,  certified ,  or registered in accordance with applicable state law .  position requirements  experience prior experience preferred .  physical demands lifting 50 pounds maximum with frequent lifting and carrying of objects weighing up to 25 pounds .  walking ,  standing ,  bending ,  stooping and sitting for prolonged periods .  full use of gross and fine motor skills of the upper and lower extremities .  location  473  -  mchs  -  elk grove village snf ,  elk grove village ,  illinois category  therapy expdate  9 / 26 / 2013 082713 bsc     
 the sales leader is responsible for delivering to t - mobile s aspirations of being america s most highly regarded service company .  the sales leader  exemplifies delivering customer delight with an attitude of service to both the customer and to the employee ,  generates sales by leading employees and by interacting with customers .  this position has dual responsibility for an individual sales contribution and for being the sales leader to the store team .   the sales leader is responsible for building effective teams ,  setting performance direction ,  holding others accountable ,  delegating ,  motivating ,  and coaching and developing others .  also accountable for driving results and leading through change  essential functions    customer  -  responsible for the overall productivity results in the store both through successful floor coaching activities and providing individual contributions when not scheduled in the floor coach role .  through the use of delivering customer delight build relationships with customers and understand their needs .  deliver a strong customer experience that will allow the customer to confidently recommend t - mobile to their friends and family .  make wireless terms ,  products and services seem simple and understandable .  ensure that every need the customer has when coming into the store is met before they leave ,  right fitting the solution and making sure you set them up for success through the customer on - boarding process .  build customers confidence by making their experience comfortable ,  simple and solving the whole problem .  know and use the store systems to support the customer experience ,  including the point of sale and customer account management  give support to team when needed .    employee  -  lead and supervise sales associates in serving customers when designated as the floor coach .  coach and observe associates while they interact with customers .  share timely feedback based on observations of customer and employee interactions and / or during role playing .  plan specific goals with store manager and associates ,  monitor progress and follow up on successes and opportunities .  celebrate individual and team successes .  ensure sales associates and personal mylearning plans are current .    owner -  maintain a neat clean organized store environment at all times .  make staffing adjustments as appropriate to meet the needs of the business .  drive operational efficiencies to help minimize risk and protect the store s assets .  inform all associates of all relevant information and asking follow - up questions as needed .  deliver financial results based on key performance indicators .  identify ways to manage and control store expenses .       minimum required    basic computer skills   excellent communication including written and verbal skills   ability to utilize t - mobile values to right fit the customer and deliver results   prior customer service and sales experience   ability to demonstrate sound intrapersonal skills   must be fluent in english and spanish  education minimum required    high school diploma  desired    aa or college degree  america s un - carrier ,  t - mobile us ,  inc .   ( nyse    tmus   )  is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation .  the company s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value .  based in bellevue ,  wash .  ,  t - mobile us operates its flagship brands ,  t - mobile and metropcs .  it currently serves approximately 43 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70 , 000 points of distribution .   you can also expect that it will be high energy from day one at t - mobile  career growth ,  personal recognition ,  and diversity are all part of the mix .  you ll enjoy competitive pay ,  special employee phone plans ,  generous paid time off ,  tuition assistance ,  medical and dental coverage ,  a great company - matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  advanced training ,  and more .   t - mobile is an equal opportunity employer  ( eoe )  .  we strongly support diversity in the workforce .   click here to learn more about working in our retail stores by watching this video featuring our employees .      
 the mobile ux team is seeking a summer intern to complete mobile design deliverables .  this includes but is not limited the following    ? • support user experience strategy and innovation ?  • demonstrates up - to - date expertise in user experience design and applies this to the development ,  execution ,  and improvement of our apps  ? • creates the user experience designs  ( user interface design comps ,  visual design specs ,  prototypes ,  and other visual assets )  for medium - sized ,  diverse projects  ( i . e .  new list tool )   ? • participates in medium - sized ,  diverse ,  cross - functional user experience  ( ux )  projects to generate the overall user experience solution and deliver usability on product within feasibility limits  ? • provides and supports the implementation of business solutions ?   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  we are looking for students who are currently pursuing their bachelor’s degree in graphic design or human computer interaction .  must be proficient in photoshop and illustrator .  this is a high energy environment where we solve tough problems and enjoy working with peers who are equally talented and passionate .          apply     
 i need someone to replace me and save me time .  i am looking for a virtual assistant who  1 .  has great english 2 .  has extreme attention to detail 3 .  is smart with the ability to learn fast 4 .  has a love for games and apps 5 .  can write fun & creative app descriptions 6 .  owns an ipod ,  iphone ,  or ipad 7 .  is familiar with word ,  excel ,  etc .  8 .  wants to be part of the team and grow our business 9 .  ability to manage other team members the job includes   -  researching trends in the itunes app store  -  researching keywords used for apps  -  working with and managing an artist  ( receiving files ,  qa ,  project updates ,  etc .  )   -  prepare reports  -  qa games to make sure everything runs properly  -  other tasks designed to save me time and help the overall business run smoothly .  does this describe you ?  email me now !  desired skills  email english microsoft excel virtual assistant ipad iphone admin assistant research computer skills     
 about the organization  eeo / drug - free employer description  physical therapist assistant  /  pta  /  physical therapy our company  hcr manorcare the leading provider of short -  and long - term medical and rehabilitation care is seeking a passionate and driven physical therapist assistant  /  pta  .  if you are looking for a challenging and rewarding career assisting our patients in a time of need ,  then we are looking for you !  our caring philosophy and commitment  our physical therapist assistants  /  pta are the cornerstone to hcr manor care s commitment to caring .  working in the health care environment can be very demanding ,  and it is our goal to provide the tools to help our physical therapist assistants  /  pta understand and commit to the philosophy that defines our culture .  our strength is not just quality of care ,  but also our quality of caring .  we are interested in employing physical therapist assistants  /  pta who are as passionate as we are about ensuring that our patients and residents receive the care and support services they need and deserve .   -  network of more than 500 in - house long - term care centers ,  assisted living facilities ,  outpatient rehabilitation clinics ,  and home health care & hospice offices  -  outcomes comparable to and often exceeding those of acute care and rehab hospitals in a more cost - effective setting  -  state - of - the - art equipment and clean and spacious rehab gyms  -  professional growth and opportunities for advancement  -  flexible scheduling available at select locations  -  mentorship and growth opportunities  -  competitive wages  -  free on - line ceu program for full - time / part - time employees  ( prn discounted )  in addition to in - house ceu s provided  -  comprehensive benefits package  -  eligible at 30+ hours / week  -  benefits start 1st day of the month following 30 days of employment )   -  pto ,  medical / dental / vision ,  401 ( k )  match ,  disability and life insurance a physical therapist assistant performs physical therapy programs under the general supervision of a physical therapist unless the state practice is more stringent .  educational requirements  graduate of accredited two - year physical therapy assistant program and obtained a passing score on the national physical therapy examination or licensed ,  certified ,  or registered in accordance with applicable state law .  position requirements  experience prior experience preferred .  physical demands lifting 50 pounds maximum with frequent lifting and carrying of objects weighing up to 25 pounds .  walking ,  standing ,  bending ,  stooping and sitting for prolonged periods .  full use of gross and fine motor skills of the upper and lower extremities .  location  487  -  mchs  -  northbrook snf ,  northbrook ,  illinois category  therapy expdate  10 / 11 / 2013 091113 bsc     
 the sales leader is responsible for delivering to t - mobile s aspirations of being america s most highly regarded service company .  the sales leader  exemplifies delivering customer delight with an attitude of service to both the customer and to the employee ,  generates sales by leading employees and by interacting with customers .  this position has dual responsibility for an individual sales contribution and for being the sales leader to the store team .   the sales leader is responsible for building effective teams ,  setting performance direction ,  holding others accountable ,  delegating ,  motivating ,  and coaching and developing others .  also accountable for driving results and leading through change  essential functions    customer  -  responsible for the overall productivity results in the store both through successful floor coaching activities and providing individual contributions when not scheduled in the floor coach role .  through the use of delivering customer delight build relationships with customers and understand their needs .  deliver a strong customer experience that will allow the customer to confidently recommend t - mobile to their friends and family .  make wireless terms ,  products and services seem simple and understandable .  ensure that every need the customer has when coming into the store is met before they leave ,  right fitting the solution and making sure you set them up for success through the customer on - boarding process .  build customers confidence by making their experience comfortable ,  simple and solving the whole problem .  know and use the store systems to support the customer experience ,  including the point of sale and customer account management  give support to team when needed .    employee  -  lead and supervise sales associates in serving customers when designated as the floor coach .  coach and observe associates while they interact with customers .  share timely feedback based on observations of customer and employee interactions and / or during role playing .  plan specific goals with store manager and associates ,  monitor progress and follow up on successes and opportunities .  celebrate individual and team successes .  ensure sales associates and personal mylearning plans are current .    owner -  maintain a neat clean organized store environment at all times .  make staffing adjustments as appropriate to meet the needs of the business .  drive operational efficiencies to help minimize risk and protect the store s assets .  inform all associates of all relevant information and asking follow - up questions as needed .  deliver financial results based on key performance indicators .  identify ways to manage and control store expenses .       minimum required    basic computer skills   excellent communication including written and verbal skills   ability to utilize t - mobile values to right fit the customer and deliver results   prior customer service and sales experience   ability to demonstrate sound intrapersonal skills   must be fluent in english and spanish  education minimum required    high school diploma  desired    aa or college degree  america s un - carrier ,  t - mobile us ,  inc .   ( nyse    tmus   )  is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation .  the company s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value .  based in bellevue ,  wash .  ,  t - mobile us operates its flagship brands ,  t - mobile and metropcs .  it currently serves approximately 43 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70 , 000 points of distribution .   you can also expect that it will be high energy from day one at t - mobile  career growth ,  personal recognition ,  and diversity are all part of the mix .  you ll enjoy competitive pay ,  special employee phone plans ,  generous paid time off ,  tuition assistance ,  medical and dental coverage ,  a great company - matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  advanced training ,  and more .   t - mobile is an equal opportunity employer  ( eoe )  .  we strongly support diversity in the workforce .   click here to learn more about working in our retail stores by watching this video featuring our employees .      
 posting job title  inbound sales representative requisition #  148851br posting location  van nuys ,  ca ,  us area of interest  customer service / member services position type  full time posting job description the time warner cable southern california region currently seeks an inbound sales representative for our marketing & sales department in van nuys ,  ca .  below please find a brief description of the essential duties and responsibilities required to function successfully in this position .  position summary this position is required to sell ,  provide information ,  and provide assistance on all aspects of cable services to potential and current customers by telephone .  this job summary should not be construed to be an all - inclusive list of all responsibilities ,  skills ,  efforts ,  or working conditions associated with a job .  while the description is intended to be an accurate reflection of the job requirements ,  management reserves the right to modify ,  add ,  or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary .  schedule   must be able to attend 8 weeks of training shift   tbd  -  full time  -  must have flexibility and ability to work any shift including weekends ,  evenings ,  holidays and split shifts .  essential job functions   -  receive high volume of incoming phone calls and respond to inquiries in a manner which meets high quality ,  productivity and other performance standards  -  sell and upgrade cable services in accordance with company requirements and customer needs  -  save customers from disconnecting services whenever possible  -  provide information regarding products and services ,  billing ,  repair ,  collections and respond to other types of inquiries  -  respond to customer complaints in a professional manner  attempt to resolve complaints successfully in accordance with established guidelines  -  inform supervision / management of all unresolved complaints  -  attempt to troubleshoot customers  service problems  schedule field service calls when necessary  -  schedule customer appointments in accordance with established procedures  -  document customer transactions accurately in acsr and complete required paperwork  -  project professionalism and work cooperatively with team members and management in accordance with code of conduct and other employee policies job requirements   -  bilingual  ( fluent in spanish and english )  is required  -  sales experience  -  strong verbal and written communication skills ,  basic math ,  reading ,  writing ,  and organizational skills and problem solving capabilities with strong initiative  -  must have pleasant personality and telephone manner and be capable of working independently  -  strong critical thinking and problem resolution skills preferred qualifications   -  typing speed of 40 wpm education and experience   -  high school diploma or ged required  -  recent heavy volume phone experience in a customer service capacity required  automatic call distribution experience preferred  -  customer service / public relations ,  telecommunications and data terminal experience preferred job code  cbtwc 08 / 23 / 13 fcc unit_twc  6329 controlling establishment id  00380  -  van nuys covello st more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 posting job title  direct sales representative requisition #  149500br posting location  wilmington ,  nc ,  us area of interest  sales position type  full time posting job description time warner cable east region direct sales department currently seeks a direct sales representative located in the wilmington ,  nc location .  below please find a brief description of the essential duties and responsibilities required to function successfully in this position . location  wilmington ,  nc purpose  the purpose of this position is to explain and sell cable services to customers in a manner consistent with time warner cable  ( twc )  policies ,  procedures ,  quality standards ,  customer needs and applicable local ,  state and federal regulations .  positions work from lead sheets or an automated sales force automation device to call on homes and increase service penetration in assigned areas .  essential job functions   -  make door - to - door cable sales presentations in order to sell cable services to potential and existing customers in the assigned territory .   -  maximize the potential for customers to purchase and retain their cable services .   -  provide complete and accurate information ,  promote the value of cable effectively and sell based on customer profiles as well as full consideration of all options available .   -  present information regarding products ,  services ,  rates ,  installation fees ,  campaign requirements and special offers in a clear ,  concise ,  accurate and professional manner .   -  promote a positive company image at all times .   -  meet productivity standards set by the department .   -  provide quality customer relations and meet all other performance standards .   -  turn in all sales ,  including required documentation and monies collected in a timely manner .   -  keep accurate records ,  report sales activity and results accurately and notify the supervisor or designee of all problems / difficulties as they occur .   -  follow - up on all leads ,  inquiries ,  complaints and other messages in a timely manner .   -  keep appointments with customers .   -  attend meetings and training sessions as required .   -  quote prices ,  credit terms and prepare sales order forms for orders to be completed and billed .   -  perform other duties as assigned .  qualifications   -  one year of proven commissioned sales experience  or 2 years of college  or equivalent combination of sales experience and college education required .   -  basic math skills required .   -  must be able to work flexible hours .  travel requirements and frequency  must have reliable transportation that will accommodate basic equipment to travel to assigned territories within the system footprint on a daily basis .   -  must have a current valid driver s license with a good driving record .   -  must be able to adhere to the twc motor vehicle record policy .  legal or financial responsibilities   -  requires adherence to twc standards of business conduct .   -  maintains the confidentiality of customer and business data at all times cbtwc 09 / 17 / 13 fcc unit_twc  0593 controlling establishment id  00181  -  wilmington scientific park dr more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 hbo receptionist time warner division hbo industry cable / broadcast television networks film production and distribution television program production and distribution area of interest administrative / clerical facilities / security real estate location united states  -  new york  -  new york requisition # 138722br position type full time posting job description overall summary reports to director of facilities services and is responsible for answering telephones  ( heavy volume )  ,  greeting staff ,  clients / guests and directing them to their destination .  additional responsibilities include assisting real estate & facilities team in daily facilities workflow .  primary responsibilities • answer telephones and direct inquires to appropriate destination .  • greet clients / guests and staff in a professional manner .  • provide administrative support for real estate & facilities services team inclusive of entering requisitions ,  filing paperwork ,  scheduling appointments and assisting with the coordination of construction projects .  requirements • computer proficiency with entire microsoft office suite required .  proficiency with microsoft visio & project preferred .  • the candidate must also possess strong interpersonal ,  administrative ,  communication and team skills and a capacity for detail oriented work .  • customer services skills including physical address and phone skills are a must .  • typical work hours are 8 00am – 4 00pm .  some overtime will be required .  about us it  s hbosm america  s most successful premium television company ,  home box office delivers two 24 - hour pay television services—hbo®and cinemax® .  hbo continues to take advantage of the latest technological innovations with advancements that include the availability of hbo programming online though hbo gosmand max gosm ,  as well as hbo on demand®and cinemax on demand®in hd .  just as hbo is a company noted for its commitment to excellence in the products and services it delivers to consumers ,  it makes the extra effort to create a work environment in which fairness ,  equity ,  trust ,  and individual responsibility are valued .  hbo is committed to retaining and recruiting skilled and motivated employees ,  placing a priority on qualified team players who contribute to the diversity of their workforce .  hbo offers competitive benefits to include medical ,  dental ,  vision ,  a matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  flexible spending ,  a commuter benefit program and tuition reimbursement .  hbo is an equal employment opportunity employer .  hbo does not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  national origin ,  gender ,  age ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity or expression ,  marital status ,  mental or physical disability ,  and genetic information ,  or any other basis protected by applicable law .  hbo also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 about the organization  eeo / drug - free employer description  certified occupational therapy assistant  /  cota  /  occupational therapy our company  hcr manorcare the leading provider of short -  and long - term medical and rehabilitation care is seeking a passionate and driven certified occupational therapy assistant  /  cota  .  if you are looking for a challenging and rewarding career assisting our patients in a time of need ,  then we are looking for you !  our caring philosophy and commitment  our certified occupational therapy assistants  /  cota are the cornerstone to hcr manor care s commitment to caring .  working in the health care environment can be very demanding ,  and it is our goal to provide the tools to help our certified occupational therapy assistants  /  cota understand and commit to the philosophy that defines our culture .  we are interested in employing certified occupational therapy assistants  /  cota who are as passionate as we are about ensuring that our patients and residents receive the care and support services they need and deserve .  network of more than 500 in - house long - term care centers ,  assisted living facilities ,  outpatient rehabilitation clinics ,  and home health care & hospice offices  -  outcomes comparable to and often exceeding those of acute care and rehab hospitals in a more cost - effective setting  -  state - of - the - art equipment and clean and spacious rehab gyms  -  professional growth and opportunities for advancement  -  flexible scheduling available at select locations  -  mentorship and growth opportunities  -  competitive wages  -  free on - line ceu program for full - time / part - time employees  ( prn discounted )  in addition to in - house ceu s provided  -  comprehensive benefits package  -  eligible at 30+ hours / week  -  benefits start 1st day of the month following 30 days of employment )   -  pto ,  medical / dental / vision ,  401 ( k )  match ,  disability and life insurance performs occupational therapy programs under the general supervision of an occupational therapist unless the state practice act is more stringent .  educational requirements  currently licensed or registered as an occupational therapist assistant by the state in which practicing ,  unless that state does not license occupational therapists assistants or otherwise regulate the practice of occupational therapy .  is e position requirements  experience prior experience preferred .  physical demands lifting 50 pounds maximum with frequent lifting and or carrying of objects weighing up to 25 pounds .  walking ,  standing ,  bending ,  stooping and sitting for prolonged periods .  full use of gross and fine motor skills of the upper and lower extremities .  location  414  -  manor care at highland park ,  highland park ,  illinois category  therapy expdate      
 the sales leader is responsible for delivering to t - mobile s aspirations of being america s most highly regarded service company .  the sales leader  exemplifies delivering customer delight with an attitude of service to both the customer and to the employee ,  generates sales by leading employees and by interacting with customers .  this position has dual responsibility for an individual sales contribution and for being the sales leader to the store team .   the sales leader is responsible for building effective teams ,  setting performance direction ,  holding others accountable ,  delegating ,  motivating ,  and coaching and developing others .  also accountable for driving results and leading through change  essential functions    customer  -  responsible for the overall productivity results in the store both through successful floor coaching activities and providing individual contributions when not scheduled in the floor coach role .  through the use of delivering customer delight build relationships with customers and understand their needs .  deliver a strong customer experience that will allow the customer to confidently recommend t - mobile to their friends and family .  make wireless terms ,  products and services seem simple and understandable .  ensure that every need the customer has when coming into the store is met before they leave ,  right fitting the solution and making sure you set them up for success through the customer on - boarding process .  build customers confidence by making their experience comfortable ,  simple and solving the whole problem .  know and use the store systems to support the customer experience ,  including the point of sale and customer account management  give support to team when needed .    employee  -  lead and supervise sales associates in serving customers when designated as the floor coach .  coach and observe associates while they interact with customers .  share timely feedback based on observations of customer and employee interactions and / or during role playing .  plan specific goals with store manager and associates ,  monitor progress and follow up on successes and opportunities .  celebrate individual and team successes .  ensure sales associates and personal mylearning plans are current .    owner -  maintain a neat clean organized store environment at all times .  make staffing adjustments as appropriate to meet the needs of the business .  drive operational efficiencies to help minimize risk and protect the store s assets .  inform all associates of all relevant information and asking follow - up questions as needed .  deliver financial results based on key performance indicators .  identify ways to manage and control store expenses .       minimum required    basic computer skills   excellent communication including written and verbal skills   ability to utilize t - mobile values to right fit the customer and deliver results   prior customer service and sales experience   ability to demonstrate sound intrapersonal skills   must be fluent in english and spanish  education minimum required    high school diploma  desired    aa or college degree  america s un - carrier ,  t - mobile us ,  inc .   ( nyse    tmus   )  is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation .  the company s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value .  based in bellevue ,  wash .  ,  t - mobile us operates its flagship brands ,  t - mobile and metropcs .  it currently serves approximately 43 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70 , 000 points of distribution .   you can also expect that it will be high energy from day one at t - mobile  career growth ,  personal recognition ,  and diversity are all part of the mix .  you ll enjoy competitive pay ,  special employee phone plans ,  generous paid time off ,  tuition assistance ,  medical and dental coverage ,  a great company - matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  advanced training ,  and more .   t - mobile is an equal opportunity employer  ( eoe )  .  we strongly support diversity in the workforce .   click here to learn more about working in our retail stores by watching this video featuring our employees .      
 the sales leader is responsible for delivering to t - mobile s aspirations of being america s most highly regarded service company .  the sales leader  exemplifies delivering customer delight with an attitude of service to both the customer and to the employee ,  generates sales by leading employees and by interacting with customers .  this position has dual responsibility for an individual sales contribution and for being the sales leader to the store team .   the sales leader is responsible for building effective teams ,  setting performance direction ,  holding others accountable ,  delegating ,  motivating ,  and coaching and developing others .  also accountable for driving results and leading through change  essential functions    customer  -  responsible for the overall productivity results in the store both through successful floor coaching activities and providing individual contributions when not scheduled in the floor coach role .  through the use of delivering customer delight build relationships with customers and understand their needs .  deliver a strong customer experience that will allow the customer to confidently recommend t - mobile to their friends and family .  make wireless terms ,  products and services seem simple and understandable .  ensure that every need the customer has when coming into the store is met before they leave ,  right fitting the solution and making sure you set them up for success through the customer on - boarding process .  build customers confidence by making their experience comfortable ,  simple and solving the whole problem .  know and use the store systems to support the customer experience ,  including the point of sale and customer account management  give support to team when needed .    employee  -  lead and supervise sales associates in serving customers when designated as the floor coach .  coach and observe associates while they interact with customers .  share timely feedback based on observations of customer and employee interactions and / or during role playing .  plan specific goals with store manager and associates ,  monitor progress and follow up on successes and opportunities .  celebrate individual and team successes .  ensure sales associates and personal mylearning plans are current .    owner -  maintain a neat clean organized store environment at all times .  make staffing adjustments as appropriate to meet the needs of the business .  drive operational efficiencies to help minimize risk and protect the store s assets .  inform all associates of all relevant information and asking follow - up questions as needed .  deliver financial results based on key performance indicators .  identify ways to manage and control store expenses .       minimum required    basic computer skills   excellent communication including written and verbal skills   ability to utilize t - mobile values to right fit the customer and deliver results   prior customer service and sales experience   ability to demonstrate sound intrapersonal skills   must be fluent in english and spanish  education minimum required    high school diploma  desired    aa or college degree  america s un - carrier ,  t - mobile us ,  inc .   ( nyse    tmus   )  is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation .  the company s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value .  based in bellevue ,  wash .  ,  t - mobile us operates its flagship brands ,  t - mobile and metropcs .  it currently serves approximately 43 million wireless subscribers and provides products and services through 70 , 000 points of distribution .   you can also expect that it will be high energy from day one at t - mobile  career growth ,  personal recognition ,  and diversity are all part of the mix .  you ll enjoy competitive pay ,  special employee phone plans ,  generous paid time off ,  tuition assistance ,  medical and dental coverage ,  a great company - matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  advanced training ,  and more .   t - mobile is an equal opportunity employer  ( eoe )  .  we strongly support diversity in the workforce .   click here to learn more about working in our retail stores by watching this video featuring our employees .      
 posting job title  rep ,  customer service & sales  -  hilo requisition #  148870br posting location  hilo ,  hi ,  us area of interest  customer service / member services position type  full time posting job description full - time .  located in hilo .  sell complete cable packages ,  upgrade existing services ,  save downgrades ,  and to promote excellent customer service by assisting customers ,  providing information ,  answering questions and solving problems in the hilo system area .  qualifications  high school diploma or equivalent is required .  minimum of one - year administrative ,  customer service ,  or sales experience is preferred .  working knowledge of computers including windows ,  word ,  excel .  stable employment history .  special skills ,  knowledge ,  and abilities  types at least 40 wpm ,  use of telephone system ,  and calculator .  must have excellent telephone etiquette ,  good persuasive ,  verbal ,  written and interpersonal communication skills .  able to sell and handle all customer service inquiries through effective communication .  knowledge of general office procedures ,  basic mathematics .  hours  monday - sunday ,  must be available between 5am - 1am .  additional coverage as needed .  fcc unit_twc  4095  -  honolulu controlling establishment id  00038  -  hilo kanoelehua ave more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 receptionist time warner division turner broadcasting business unit_tbs adsal industry advertising cable / broadcast television networks online content / services area of interest administrative / clerical location united states  -  illinois  -  chicago requisition # 138698br position type full time posting job description qualifications  some college preferred or two to three years of work experience .  ideal candidate must present a professional and friendly image ,  excellent verbal and written skills ,  and be detail oriented .  candidate must also be a self - motivated individual that shows initiative to go the extra mile .   proficiency in windows environment with working knowledge of ms office  ( word ,  excel ,  powerpoint and outlook )  .  duties  support staff to office administrator and staff size of 75 .  answer and transfer all incoming calls through the main telephone console .  greet visitors .  accepts ,  sorts ,  files and distributes all mail and packages .  must be able to lift and move about large heavy packages .  maintain express mail services room and kitchens .  places all maintenance calls on equipment in need of repair .  places all stationary orders for staff .  creates and prints all employee names plates .  maintains reservations calendars for conference rooms and projectors .  submits all building service requests .  assist office administrator with event planning for the staff .  updates all internal company directories for the staff .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are e - verify users .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 requirements  • passionate about software development .  • must have a disciplined ,  methodical ,  minimalist approach to designing and constructing layered software components that can be embedded within larger frameworks or applications .  • experience in object oriented design and programming ,  proficient in applying common design patterns ,  ability to communicate design ideas effectively .  • proficient in major development tools and processes ,  such as source control ,  requirement spec ,  design and design review ,  unit test ,  system test ,  performance test ,  etc .  • strong verbal and written communication skills are a must .  • bs in computer science or related fields .  • understanding of ios with experience with objective - c ,  cocoa touch and ios development • solid understanding of algorithms ,  data structures ,  object oriented design ,  and user experience fundamentals • experience programming with the mvc  /  mvp pattern in a modern mobile application framework • experience using modern version control systems • able to professionally communicate with management ,  clients and coworkers on the phone ,  in email ,  and in person responsibilities  • analyze the market place ,  competition and technology trends to bring innovative ,  out - of - the - box solutions to life .  • collaborate to prioritize and set direction of development efforts .  gather requirements to formulate appropriate architecture required to provide complete functionality ensuring high performance and strong user experience .  • contribute ideas for continually improving the team’s productivity ,  job enjoyment ,  and code quality .  • research new technology and tools in our space to remain abreast of current and emerging technology .  propose and execute on research / prototype projects that introduce an innovative solution to new or existing problem .  • communicate cross multiple teams to show case new features and functionalities .  • have fun and be passionate !  workday is a fast growing company building the next generation of business applications in the “cloud” .  we have top - notch development talent ,  experienced management ,  cool technology ,  paying customers ,  and solid funding .  all this and much more make it a really great place to work !      
 posting job title  lead clerk ,  tech ops  ( charlotte ,  nc )  requisition #  148681br posting location  charlotte ,  nc ,  us area of interest  customer service / member services position type  full time posting job description time warner cable technical operations department currently seeks a lead clerk ,  tech ops in charlotte ,  nc .  below please find a brief description of the essential duties and responsibilities required to function successfully in this position .  reports to director of technical operations .  shift  monday  -  friday ,  8am to 5pm essential job functions   -  review / code invoices for payment  -  monthly reconciliation of p - card  -  key requisitions in peoplesoft  -  handle ordering office supplies ,  tools & equipment  -  order all tech uniforms  -  prepare of various reports and documents as needed  -  issuetrak analyst  keep track of and assist resolving issuetrak tickets  -  prepare check request for damage claims  -  coordinate tech ride - alongs  -  schedule and coordinate departmental meetings  -  t & e for director  -  tracked verbal ,  written and documented counseling  -  alarm registrations new and renewals  -  sort and distribute mail  -  issue boot vouchers  -  other duties as assigned job requirements   -  responsible for knowledge of departmental paperwork ,  forms and reporting  prepare with limited supervision  -  provide extensive administrative functions within technical operations department  -  effective communication skills required  -  valid nc driver s license preferred qualifications   -  advance experience with ms excel preferred  -  efficient in ms word education and experience   -  high school diploma or general education degree  ( ged )   -  3 years  experience working with an administrative support roll preferred .   -  3 years of experience working with microsoft word / excel required fcc unit_twc  0589 controlling establishment id  00019  -  charlotte arrowood rd more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 department assistant time warner division turner broadcasting business unit_tbs ctoon industry advertising cable / broadcast television networks online content / services area of interest administrative / clerical location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138655br position type full time posting job description qualifications  1+ years supporting a creative executive in the entertainment industry .  4 year degree is preferred but not required .  proven organizational skills with high level of detail .  excellent communication skills .  proficiency in microsoft office & filemaker pro .  keen interest in animation .  a successful candidate should be organized ,  possess self - initiative ,  be goal oriented and proactive ,  and have excellent communication skills .  duties  organize and manage all incoming assets on 8 - 10 current series and 20+ development projects / shorts .  schedule all recurring meetings in relation to current series ,  all development meetings on active projects ,  and set all pitch meetings .  maintain department calendars .  act as a liaison between ancillary groups for retrieval and delivery of assets .  screens incoming calls and places outgoing calls ,  arranges meetings and conference calls ,  processes t&e forms ,  arranges travel ,  and orders and stocks office supplies / refreshments .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are e - verify users .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 this is an unpaid internship .  you may gain school credit if it meets your specific credentals .  cloud [ 8 ] sixteen ,  inc .  ,  is a full - service web - marketing firm based in austin ,  tx .  we were recently ranked #167 on the inc .  500 fastest growing private companies in america list ,  and were ranked among the top 20 best companies to work for in texas for 2009 ,  2010 and 2011 .  in 2010 ,  we ranked #11 ,  and in 2011 we ranked #9 for “largest advertising and marketing agencies in austin” by the austin business journal .  we are currently offering internships to students who are looking to gain valuable experience with digital media and mobile applications .  interns will gain valuable “hands - on” experience working on real agency accounts .  if you are a liberal arts major ,  marketing major or other discipline student looking for an internship with a young ,  dynamic company offering a flexible schedule and fun work environment ,  this could be the internship for you .  visit our web site  ( www . cloud8sixteen . com )  for more information on our company .  familiarity with mobile applications and social media is preferred .  marketing ,  public relations ,  and liberal arts majors are encouraged to apply .      
 posting job title  direct sales rep - shelby - norwalk - willard - port clinton - lodi - millersburg requisition #  146328br posting location  mansfield ,  oh ,  us area of interest  sales position type  full time posting job description career opportunity to learn more about this career opportunity via a you tube video .  copy and paste this into your web browser   http  /  / bit . ly .  .  .  .      
 utility ,  apprentice i time warner division warner bros .  entertainment group wb business unit wb studio facilities industry film production and distribution television program production and distribution area of interest facilities / security location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138707br position type full time posting job description summary of position warner bros .  studio facilities seeks a utility ,  apprentice i for the cafeteria department .  job responsibilities   multi - purpose duties such as bussing dishes ,  taking food orders ,  food delivery ,  stocking condiments ,  set - up and servicing cast and crew meals .  job requirements   must have 1 - 2 years food and beverage experience .    previous banquet experience preferred .    must have good verbal communication skills .    ability to work a flexible schedule that may include frequently working beyond the standard shift of approximately 4 . 5 - 7 . 5 hours per day is required .    physical exertion requiring standing for long periods ,  walking ,  bending ,  lifting ,  carrying and maneuvering heavy weights up to 50+ lbs .    standard shift is approximately 4 . 5 - 7 . 5 hours per day .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 the mobile ux team is seeking a summer intern to complete mobile design deliverables .  this includes but is not limited the following    support user experience strategy and innovation   demonstrates up - to - date expertise in user experience design and applies this to the development ,  execution ,  and improvement of our apps   creates the user experience designs  ( user interface design comps ,  visual design specs ,  prototypes ,  and other visual assets )  for medium - sized ,  diverse projects  ( i . e .  new list tool )    participates in medium - sized ,  diverse ,  cross - functional user experience  ( ux )  projects to generate the overall user experience solution and deliver usability on product within feasibility limits   provides and supports the implementation of business solutions the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .  finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !  who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  we are looking for students who are currently pursuing their bachelor’s degree in graphic design or human computer interaction .  must be proficient in photoshop and illustrator .  this is a high energy environment where we solve tough problems and enjoy working with peers who are equally talented and passionate .  experience with omni - graffle is a plus !      
 the mobile qa team focuses on the emerging technologies in mobile .  primarily the team ensures that new technologies projects have at their beginnings a solid start in development and testing best practices ,  such as writing automated functional tests and continuous integration .    we work closely with these newly formed development teams to embrace a culture of delivering high quality capabilities for users .    prototype new test frameworks and tools to ensure that the emerging technologies are working according to engineering expectations .    develop manual and automated testcases against mobile platforms like android and b2g .    work with the mobile team to deliver new functionality and products under a very tight weekly train model release . requirements   knowledge of internet and browser technologies  understanding of test methodologies and test case development  programming experience with c++ ,  javascript ,  python ,  and xml  knowledge of android  /  ios  /  windows  /  mac  /  linux environments  strong verbal and written communication skills  flexibility in dynamic software environments     
 posting job title  rep 1 ,  warehouse requisition #  149464br posting location  plano ,  tx ,  us area of interest  operations / general position type  full time posting job description main purpose of job  the purpose of this position is to perform related functions to all activities of the cable materials warehouse and customer premise equipment  ( cpe )  issue  /  recovery operation major duties and responsibilities 1 .  receive materials delivered to warehouse dock by carriers and or company vehicles .  2 .  check material against bills of lading ,  purchase orders ,  internal shipping documentation and properly receive materials within peoplesoft in accordance with departmental / company policy .  3 .  place materials in a safe and secure area for storage .  some loads may weigh up to 70 lbs .  safely maneuvering a forklift is required for heavier loads .  4 .  sign off on delivery forms ,  reporting any discrepancies to supervisor .  5 .  input material supply request into current inventory system and upon approval pick / issue warehouse materials upon receipt of proper requisition .  6 .  maintain records of materials received ,  stocked and issued .  7 .  perform accurate cycle counts on materials as required .  8 .  deliver to the various departments items received daily ,  which may include driving a company vehicle ,  obtain appropriate signatures .  9 .  maintain warehouse area security at all times and include maintaining work area in a neat and orderly matter .  10 .  use scanning equipment to issue / recover and account for cpe to technicians and front counters as required in accordance with departmental policy .  once trained be able to scan cpe into correct status / location combination .  11 .  using current billing system and be able to accurately pull up technicians buffers and determine cpe needs .   ( run tech location inquiry )  12 .  once trained and certified ,  be able to operate material handling equipment .  13 .  perform cosmetic repair on cpe as required .  14 .  other duties as assigned .  requirements  education / experience education high school diploma or equivalent .  must have a valid driver s license and a good driving record .  one to two - years experience in a warehouse environment preferred .  special skills ,  knowledge and abilities  requirements  good verbal ,  written and interpersonal communication skills .  thorough knowledge of inventory control ,  familiarity and use of computers preferred .  ability to perform basic mathematics .  fcc unit_twc  11551 controlling establishment id  00502  -  plano summit ave more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 responsibilities  mobile app developer needed to replicate our industry - leading web application on ios and / or android devices .  app will read and write data to a remote server but must be able to temporarily store data offline when a data connection is unavailable .  ability to create the connection between the app and our sql 2008 based application is largest responsibility .  must have previous experience creating and releasing apps on the apple and / or android platform .  what we are looking for  driven self - paced worker a proven app creator with past work examples someone with a familiarity with sql 2008 database structure front end app gui experience preferred but not required familiarity with gps  ,  barcode readers ,  photo capture ,  etc app functionalities preferred but not required     
 posting job title  freelance master control operator ,  ny1 news requisition #  148713br posting location  new york ,  ny ,  us area of interest  engineering / technical operations position type  part time posting job description summary this position is responsible for providing audio and video control room support to the station .  duties and responsibilities control room technician   -  mixes audio  -  sets up studio sets  -  operates robotic camera  -  operates still store  -  calls up teleprompter scripts  -  provides lighting support master control operator  -  monitors ,  maintains and controls the outgoing signal and computer program that drives the air servers  -  switches programming .   -  counts in and out of live events .   -  operates and trouble shoots server .  other duties as assigned .  qualifications to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  education and or experience  -  associates degree ,  technical school degree or equivalent preferred .  four year college degree preferred .   -  entry level position .  minimum 1 year experience in a control or master control room or similar environment a plus .  general experience working in a tv station is helpful .  application procedures applicants must apply online at www . timewarnercable . com / careers will be considered .  time warner cable supports a drug - free environment fcc unit_twc  nwnyc controlling establishment id  00112  -  nyc 9th ave more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 hbo executive assistant – hbo / cinemax program strategy and planning time warner division hbo industry cable / broadcast television networks film production and distribution television program production and distribution area of interest administrative / clerical strategic planning ad buying and inventory location united states  -  new york  -  new york requisition # 138701br position type full time posting job description overall summary position reports to vice president ,  theatrical inventory management .  excellent entry - level opportunity in the program strategy and planning department .  primary responsibilities candidate will be responsible for all administrative duties including the production of the monthly hbo and cinemax and multiplex program schedules .  candidate will keep vp s calendar ,  arrange travel ,  answer phones ,  manage expenses and perform other administrative tasks for the vp and entire department .  in addition to strong secretarial and administrative skills ,  this position requires a self - motivated team player who works well under pressure in a fast - paced environment .  candidate must have the ability to multi - task and possess a strong commitment to quality and accuracy .  requirements excellent communication ,  organization and interpersonal skills a must .  ba / bs degree ,  advanced knowledge with microsoft office software ,  occasional overtime .  desired  extensive film knowledge .  about us it  s hbosm america  s most successful premium television company ,  home box office delivers two 24 - hour pay television services—hbo®and cinemax® .  hbo continues to take advantage of the latest technological innovations with advancements that include the availability of hbo programming online though hbo gosmand max gosm ,  as well as hbo on demand®and cinemax on demand®in hd .  just as hbo is a company noted for its commitment to excellence in the products and services it delivers to consumers ,  it makes the extra effort to create a work environment in which fairness ,  equity ,  trust ,  and individual responsibility are valued .  hbo is committed to retaining and recruiting skilled and motivated employees ,  placing a priority on qualified team players who contribute to the diversity of their workforce .  hbo offers competitive benefits to include medical ,  dental ,  vision ,  a matched 401 ( k )  plan ,  flexible spending ,  a commuter benefit program and tuition reimbursement .  hbo is an equal employment opportunity employer .  hbo does not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  national origin ,  gender ,  age ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity or expression ,  marital status ,  mental or physical disability ,  and genetic information ,  or any other basis protected by applicable law .  hbo also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 mobile developer  -  summer intern downtown mountain view ,  ca be part of the start - up that develops a top 25 ios app in more than 100 countries and an android app with more than 100m installs on google play !  using your start - up mindset and your experience developing native mobile apps ,  you will create new ,  awesome features used by millions of current whatsapp users .  we are looking for mobile developers for all our platforms  ios ,  android ,  windows phone ,  blackberry ,  and nokia .   ?  responsibilities  create new ,  awesome features for millions of users write efficient ,  maintainable code for mobile phones own release and qa cycles of your code work with customer support to fix reported bugs  ?  what we re looking for  studying towards a bs in computer science or equivalent .  ms or phd is a plus .  passionate about user experience ability to work in a very small team experience with java ,  objective - c ,  c# ,  or c / c++ programming and debugging skills strong understanding of application architecture and object - oriented design android ,  ios ,  windows phone ,  blackberry ,  or nokia development experience ,  with deep knowledge of best practices ,  apis and libraries mobile software experience a plus working experience with networking and messaging protocols proficiency in any number of the following areas  multi - threaded programming ,  tcp / ip sockets ,  sql experience developing native mobile apps is strongly preferred ,  but not required must be able to work onsite daily in our office in downtown mountain view ,  ca summer housing can be provided  ?   ?   ?   ?  about whatsapp ,  inc .  whatsapp messenger is a cross - platform mobile messaging app that allows you to exchange messages without having to pay for sms .  whatsapp messenger is available for iphone ,  blackberry ,  android ,  windows phone ,  and nokia smartphones .  in addition to basic messaging ,  whatsapp messenger users can send each other unlimited pictures ,  videos ,  and audio messages ,  as well as participate in groups .  whatsapp inc .  was founded in 2009 by two ex - yahoo !  engineers .  we are profitable ,  funded ,  and offer very competitive compensation packages .  we are located in downtown mountain view .      
 posting job title  outside sales consultant requisition #  148631br posting location  harlingen ,  tx ,  us area of interest  sales position type  full time posting job description job description are you good at quickly building relationships ,  very personable and eager to take your career to the next level ?  then consider an opportunity with time warner cable and get ready to  live better !   time warner cable  ( twc )  ,  the second largest cable provider ,  is looking for dedicated and passionate outside sales consultants to join our business development teams .  our outside sales consultants are the face of our organization ,  promoting and selling cable television ,  high - speed data ,  digital phone services and our intelligent home product to existing and potential subscribers in an assigned territory .  at twc ,  we empower our direct sales team to be independent ,  to take charge of their quota essentially being their own boss !  as an outside sales consultant ,  you will focus your efforts on face to face business development ,  marketing our innovative products to customers in residential locations .  in return ,  we provide our direct marketing teams with a great opportunity to build a lucrative and successful career .  some of the benefits our employees love include   - competitive compensation  -  base salary plus uncapped commission plan !   - assigned territory with 500+ business development leads a month  - comprehensive sales and product training with coaching and mentoring from sales leaders  - tools to be successful in the field  -  ipad ,  smart phone ,  car allowance  - generous benefits package including healthcare ,  401 ( k )  with company match ,  paid time off  ( 3 weeks  vacation ,  sick ,  holidays )  ,  and much more !   - discounts on time warner cable products   excellent company ,  team of wonderful colleagues with fair pay and awesome perks and benefits !     -  current outside sales consultant outside sales consultant  ( entry level sales  /  marketing  /  business development )  job requirements as an outside sales representative ,  you must be highly motivated to succeed ,  confident ,  outgoing ,  with a drive to learn and grow your sales career .  additional requirements of the outside sales consultant include   -  associates degree or 1 year of sales experience ,  preferred  -  experience in the telecom industry with door to door ,  direct sales roles ,  preferred  -  basic computer skills  -  current ,  valid driver s license in state of employment  -  own reliable mode of private transportation  ( automobile )  with proof of auto insurance  -  strong verbal and written communication ,  negotiation and interpersonal skills  -  ability to work weekends outside sales consultant  ( entry level sales  /  marketing  /  business development )  company overview for more than 60 years ,  twc has had a long history of leadership within the telecom industry ,  leading the way in technical innovation through the use of fiber optics to improve and expand our cable products and services .  at time warner cable ,  we re unified and inspired by a common sense of purpose and identity .  whether it s though our community programs ,  competitive benefits packages or our commitment to diversity ,  twc has worked hard to build a company where our employees have the opportunity to feed their passions and foster personal growth !  come  enjoy better  at twc !  cbtwc 08 / 16 / 13 fcc unit_twc  5675 controlling establishment id  00150  -  harlingen s expressway 83 more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 recruiter time warner division warner bros .  entertainment group wb business unit wb human resources industry film production and distribution area of interest human resources location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138668br position type full time posting job description summary of position warner bros .  entertainment inc .  seeks a recruiter for the warner bros .  recruitment department .  the recruiter will be responsible for managing the full - cycle recruitment process to fill position vacancies at all levels for warner bros .  studio facilities departments .  this includes sourcing and identifying qualified candidates ,  scheduling interviews ,  processing background reports ,  conducting reference checks ,  updating and maintaining brass ring applicant information ,  providing weekly status updates to hiring managers ,  conducting internal equity review and preparing wage / salary recommendations and offer letters .  job responsibilities   responsible for full - cycle recruitment of high volume entry level union and non - union positions as well as some professional level positions ,  which includes identifying and presenting top qualified candidates to hiring managers .  effective recruitment efforts will be conducted through social media ,  direct sourcing ,  industry networking ,  internet ,  resume database ,  employee referrals ,  and appropriate trade and industry organizations .    complies with and implements established search execution processes including ,  but not limited to interviewing candidates face - to - face ,  distributing weekly status reports to hiring managers ,  effective kick - off meetings ,  editing job descriptions ,  updating applicant tracking systems and salary justifications .    develops and executes recruitment strategies and selection processes for assigned searches through successful completion .    builds and maintains talent and resource pools for high volume turnover positions such as tour guides ,  security ,  sales associates ,  janitors and food services .  responsible for the recruitment of candidates for all temporary positions within wbsf .    develops proactive recruitment and succession planning strategies in close collaboration with business unit management and hr partners .    administers and ensures compliance with union contract provisions when filling vacancies and promoting employees .    partners with recruitment leadership ,  hr group reps ,  and compensation in recommending new hire and promotion salary offers .  job requirements   a bachelor s degree or equivalent professional training required .    approximately 2 - 3 years of professional recruiting experience or other related human resources function required .    at least one year of full cycle recruiting experience within a large organization is required .    a background emanating from an in - house recruitment function combined with experience from a contingency and / or retained search firm is desired .    bi - lingual english / spanish is highly desirable .    demonstrated ability to manage and execute the full cycle of high volume recruitment activities .    strong customer service orientation and the ability to manage confidential information .    must be organized ,  able to manage multiple projects simultaneously ,  and anticipate business needs .    must have strong business acumen with excellent follow up skills .    must have excellent time management skills to perform in a fast paced ,  high volume ,  high pressure environment .    must be able to analyze resumes and determine appropriate matches for vacancies .    must be able to target and source potential candidates for searches .    strong working familiarity with social media platforms .    able to work independently ,  prioritize and handle pressure .    exceptional verbal and written interpersonal and communications skills .    must be detail oriented .    able to interact successfully with all levels of staff and management .    self starter and innovative thinker .    working knowledge of eeo / ofccp guidelines relative to the recruitment process in a union environment .    strong working knowledge of recruitment applicant tracking system ,  internet ,  ms word ,  excel ,  outlook .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 manager ,  recruitment time warner division warner bros .  entertainment group wb business unit wb human resources industry film production and distribution area of interest human resources location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138663br position type full time posting job description summary of position wb entertainment inc .  seeks a manager ,  recruitment for the wb recruitment department .  position will manage recruitment ,  selection and job placement activities to insure adequate supply and flow of manpower to meet current and future regular and temporary staffing needs .  conduct full - cycle recruitment for entry level through mid - executive level searches .  design ,  execute and support recruitment strategies that result in top - tier ,  diverse ,  qualified candidates .  job responsibilities   accountable for all aspects of recruitment activity for warner bros .  studio facilities which includes planning and directing activities of staff to develop sources of qualified applicants ,  screen applicants ,  schedule and conduct interviews ,  administer tests ,  check references and background ,  evaluate applicant qualifications ,  recommend compensation and review job offers .    manage and develop recruitment strategies and processes for all searches through successful completion .  utilize metrics and analysis to recommend process changes as needed .  maintains a pipeline of candidates for all positions with an emphasis on high - volume / seasonal roles .  sources candidates through direct sourcing ,  industry networking ,  internet research ,  applications ,  employee referrals ,  and appropriate organizations .   develop networking relationships within the industry for future and recurring recruitment needs  builds and develops external relationships with talent at all levels within area of industry expertise .    responsible for recruitment at all levels .  each search involves setting and meeting expectations of hiring managers ,  sourcing candidates ,  reviewing applicant data ,  monitoring web postings ,  scheduling timely interviews ,  accurately reporting applicant statuses in ats ,  and executing agreed upon recruitment strategy for each opening .    proactively interface with division management to gain and maintain an understanding of all business units to effectively assess and support their strategic recruiting needs in a timely manner .  evaluate effectiveness of recruitment and selection process to ensure they are within legal guidelines and sufficient to meet division needs .    provide leadership in the efficient and timely implementation ,  coordination ,  and administration of recruitment policies ,  programs ,  and practices .  manage projects to meet required deadlines .    assess ,  facilitate and re - deploy recruitment assistance as needed based on business priorities and caseloads .    ensure adherence to collective bargaining agreements ,  state and federal laws governing employment and labor relations ,  and company policies ,  procedures and practices .    develop and maintain relationships with employment sources such as public and private agencies ,  educational institutions ,  community groups ,  and other sources of applicants .  attend job fairs ,  ehrn meetings ,  and college recruiting events .    partner with time warner divisions in company - wide initiatives and best practices .  champion warner bros .  employees first initiative by ensuring that clients review and consider qualified internal candidates for vacant positions .    work with corporate recruitment team to help manage the overall job posting spend ,  social media needs ,  job fairs and organization partnerships .  job requirements   a bachelor s degree or equivalent professional training required .    minimum 5 years of recruitment experience required .  a background emanating from an in - house recruitment function combined with experience from a contingency and / or retained search firm is desired .  experience in managing and motivating a staff is essential / required .  must have recent experience managing high - volume ,  diverse job searches for a large company .  union recruitment experience preferred .  prior experience in entertainment or hospitality industry strongly preferred .    bi - lingual spanish / english preferred .    demonstrated ability to manage high volume recruitment activities .    must be detail oriented ,  organized ,  able to manage multiple projects simultaneously ,  and anticipate future needs .    must be strategic and able to provide creative ,  innovative recruitment solutions for hard to fill positions .    must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of management .    must have broad knowledge of recruitment strategies ,  employment laws and regulations ,  and compensation and benefits administration .    strong working knowledge of web search engines ,  microsoft office suite ,  as well as applicant tracking systems  ( kenexa preferred )  .    must have demonstrated strong leadership and management skills .    must be able to professionally partner with members of senior management .    working knowledge of eeo / ofccp guidelines relative to the recruitment process in a union environment .    must have strong business acumen with excellent follow up skills .    must be able to analyze resumes and determine appropriate matches for vacancies .    must be able to target and source potential candidates for searches .    strong working knowledge of recruitment applicant tracking system ,  internet ,  ms word ,  excel ,  outlook .    strong working familiarity with social media platforms .    must be a self starter that is able to work independently ,  prioritize and handle pressure .    exceptional verbal and written interpersonal and communications skills .    must be able to maintain confidentiality .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 patreek is a stealth startup that is still self funded .  patreek assuredly is prospective with our first time idea and we need intelligent mobile developers to own the architecture / development of our mobile app scheduled to be soft - launched sometime in november of this year .  this developer ,  will be expected to contribute to all aspects of code development ,  and project planning .  he / she will have to opportunity of owning a certain portion of the business as well .  responsibilities include but not limited to the following   -  familiarity with either phonegap or appcelerator  -  familiarity with oojavascript ,  jquery mobile  -  must love coding for mobile / tablet devices  -  converstant with sqllike or nosql database systems such as sqlite ,  mongodb ,  couchdb etc  -  code management using git  -  ability to work up to 80hrs a week including weekends having the following will be a plus    -  experience with design using photoshop cs5 and above this is going to be a remote posiiton / role with no telecommute required .  compensation  equity     
 zappos . com ,  inc .  is looking for a mobile backend development college intern !   why join us ?  our unique culture has made zappos . com ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries one of fortune’s 100 best companies to work for five years straight .  find out why  http  /  / money . cnn . com .  .  .   why else .  .  .  .   want more ?  summer interns may qualify for corporate housing assistance ,  free food and drinks on our campus ,  social events throughout the internship ,  and a 40 percent off discount on zappos . com !   if you are interested ,  please go to internships . zappos . com and apply directly to the position on there !   who are we ?   the mobile team at zappos is growing quickly ,  and we need you !  we re the creators of the editor s choice and top developer ranked zappos android and ios apps .  we need to build back - end services to power our amazing app - based shopping experiences—that s where you come in !   what will you do ?   as part of our team ,  you ll be responsible for new features and improvements from concept through release to production .  you ll also be part of the group that decides what we ll be including in new versions ,  so being able to connect features to customer impact is a must .  once you re working on that awesome feature ,  you re responsible for creating high quality and well tested code .  you should play well with our feisty mobile qa counterparts .   beyond coding ,  you ll be partly responsible for coming up with new and exciting ways to market our apps to our customers ,  and you ll also be working with public relations teams to promote your new features as they go live .  and ,  of course ,  you ll have to do it all on a  ( loose )  schedule and without close direct supervision .   the cliffsnotes     you ll be building java services on top of the spring framework   you ll get a peek inside the beast that is amazon . com as you tie us into their services   test - driven design will be a reality ,  as integration tests are a must   as we head towards continuous deployment ,  you ll be leading the charge  are you a match ?     computer science or related major preferred ,  or if you have a passion for mobile development we’re ok with that too !    you must eat ,  sleep ,  and drink java  ( both the programming language and the beverage )  .    experience working with version control  primarily github   experience working with mysql   experience building mobile specific web experiences   exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a customer service orientation   detail oriented and organized   normal working business hours are monday through friday 8 30 a . m .  to 5 30 p . m .    must be willing to relocate to las vegas ,  nv for the summer of 2014  ( did we mention we have some sweet housing lined up ?  !  )   team fun fact   in our new offices downtown ,  the mobile team has the best view in all of tech !  we are right by the windows and can see all the way to the mountains .   if you are interested ,  please apply directly on internships . zappos . com .  don t apply on here because we will direct you to internships . zappos . com .  doing more with less !   zappos . com ,  inc .  is an equal opportunity employer and drug - free workplace .      
 posting job title marketing intern  ( fall )  requisition #  149345br posting location  new york ,  ny ,  us area of interest marketing position type  intern posting job description   you must be a currently enrolled mba student to apply for this internship     this is a paid internship   time warner cable media currently seeks a mba marketing & client solutions intern for fall 2012 ,  based in new york .  we offer opportunities to students who are motivated and eager to learn about the media business and gain valuable experience in a corporate environment .  the marketing intern will provide support to the marketing director on key projects and corporate priorities .  the intern will have an opportunity to further develop strategic marketing ,  project - management ,  product - management ,  leadership and influencing skills during this internship .  unique opportunity for a high - potential marketing talent eager to learn and make an impact in a fast - moving and innovative company .  product marketing & new product development support   along with the marketing director help lead efforts to develop value propositions and strategically promote our digital product suite  ( online ,  vod ,  interactive ,  online )  to clients / agencies ,  working closely with digital sales leads .    define major povs  ( point of views )  and marketing products by category ,  by quarter ,  and by initiative that support sales specific objectives and overall marketing planning .    support the usage and adoption of the marketing calendar and sam  ( strategic account management )  as core methodology to shape marketing product prioritization by account across marketing resource types .  strategic sales planning & analysis support   work with marketing director and sales to determine market and customer segment priorities for marketing products and help shape best practice transformation .    drive strategic marketing analysis and idea - development for key industry categories and accounts .    refine and execute cnas  ( client needs analysis )  by category and account to align draft packages and proposals with specific needs of the client business .    collaborate closely with sales leadership and associated aes on prioritized categories and client accounts to craft region ,  category and account specific proposals  ( with input from cna where needed )  .  job requirements    ideal candidate is a mba 1st or 2nd year student  ( majoring in marketing ,  media or communications )  interested in a fall internship and ideally with 1 - 2 years brand ,  product ,  integrated marketing ,  and / or advertising sales marketing experience .    outstanding verbal ,  written ,  and interpersonal communications with proven ability to work collaboratively with sales leadership to shape and refine region and market specific agendas .    outstanding verbal ,  written and interpersonal communications with over arching skill to translate hypotheses and research into powerful points of view  -  ability to craft and tell a compelling story .    must be able to work independently on a project basis and meet frequent deadlines .    excellent team and project - management skills .    strong   sense of urgency   and interest in stretching to the next level .    demonstrate   innovative   thinking and new ideas .  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  major in marketing and / or media preferred extensive experience with word ,  excel and power point and similar software  html ,  photoshop ,  illustrator ,  in design ,  flash and frontpage familiarity helpful .  fcc unit_twc  adsal controlling establishment id  00449  -  nyc 1633 broadway more on twc  projectdashmanagement productdashmanagement highdashpotential fastdashmoving ideadashdevelopment 1dash2 projectdashmanagement clientsslashagencies andslashor andslashor andslashor     
 publicity intern time warner division warner bros .  entertainment group wb business unit worldwide television marketing industry film production and distribution area of interest internship / trainee location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138686br position type part time posting job description summary of position warner bros .  worldwide television marketing is seeking an intern for the communications & publicity department .  the publicity internship is designed to provide an opportunity to gain knowledge of and exposure to a working studio environment .  the company makes a special effort to provide the support and training needed to prepare interns to succeed in real - time projects and assignments .  job responsibilities   assist in reading various publications  ( newspapers and magazines as well as online media / bloggers )  for press clippings about wbtv and warner horizon shows .    collating ,  copying ,  filing scripts ,  answer phones ,  fax ,  file and make photocopies .    burning electronic publicity appearances onto dvds from the computer program snapstream .    organize press clippings .    attend and assist at various types of publicity functions when schedule permits  press conferences ,  press set visits ,  photo shoots ,  etc .    work with written communications department on writing / research assignments as directed ,  including series and episodic description copy ,  social media communication ,  trivia questions and more as needed .    perform other related duties / projects as assigned .  job requirements   must be currently enrolled in a college or university .    prior internship for a media company in a marketing or publicity support role or advertising agency experience a plus .    proficient in ms word ,  entertainment blogs specific to tv and wb destination genres ,  and social media platforms beyond twitter and facebook .    good communication skills ,  excellent interpersonal skills – both verbal and written .    strong attention to detail is required .    excellent organizational skills .    ability to balance ,  multi - task and prioritize requests and still meet deadlines .    keen interest in publicity .    must be able to consistently come into work early and / or stay late .    must be able to travel and excel in working live events or events not in a traditional office environment .    must be able to maintain a positive disposition in a fast - paced environment and during demanding times .    must be detail - oriented .    must have good judgment .    must be able and willing to take initiative and to problem solve as appropriate within the scope of responsibilities of this position .    management has the right to add or change duties and job requirements at any time .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 posting job title  twcs syracuse internship  -  fall 2013 requisition #  148574br posting location  syracuse ,  ny ,  us area of interest  cable television production position type  intern posting job description summary  the twcs internship program is designed to assist students in gaining valuable experience in the field of television sports .  twcs interns will learn the dynamics and the daily operation of time warner cable s regional sports channel .  twcs interns will support the twcs team by executing daily tasks ,  assignments and projects .  duties and responsibilities   -  work closely with producers in gathering resources for upcoming productions  -  perform assigned tasks during remote productions  -  research archived sports video  -  learn editing techniques necessary for in - house productions  -  learn proper camera operation  -  perform day to day operational duties  -  participate in twcs department meetings  -  assist twcs department with camm events  -  other tasks as assigned qualifications  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  candidates for internships must   -  receive academic credits for the internship assignment .   -  have strong interpersonal ,  verbal / written communication skills ,  leadership and organizational abilities .   -  maintain a professional appearance ,  be enthusiastic ,  and have a demonstrated interest in television .   -  be able to commit to interning approximately 16 hours per week .   -  coursework and previous internship experience in communications ,  journalism or related field is preferred .  application procedures  only applicants who apply online at www . timewarnercable . com / careers will be considered .  time warner cable supports a drug - free environment fcc unit_twc  nwnyc controlling establishment id  00160  -  syracuse fair lakes rd more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 social media marketing intern time warner division warner bros .  entertainment group wb business unit worldwide television marketing industry television program production and distribution area of interest internship / trainee location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138700br position type full time posting job description summary of position burbank television enterprises inc .  seeks a social media marketing intern for the wwtvm social media marketing department .  learning opportunity for a college student to engage in hands - on experience primarily focused in social media marketing .  job responsibilities   weekly research of fan sites including blogs ,  pinterest ,  twitter ,  google+ ,  etc .  •prepare program recaps .  •implement and manage weekly postings ,  comments ,  original content and more organize and prepare data from past and current campaigns for use in analysis and benchmarking .  •identify new areas for viral marketing as well as develop / maintain relationship with active bloggers and social media site / page owners .    research trends and technology .    draft a monthly article about social media ,  tech ,  and trends that will appear in an internal newsletter .    assist with development and brainstorming for wb involvement in new social media platforms .    assist in building awareness for upcoming tv season with pilot campaigns through social media platforms .    other job - related duties or projects as assigned .  job requirements   must be currently enrolled in a college or university .    web skills – html  embed player distribution  photo and video posting and creation  ( imovie / final cut )   email newsletter program management and active member of social media and newsfeed sites .    prior internship for a digital media company in a marketing support role  advertising agency internship or experience  ( in digital media )  a plus .    web trends ,  entertainment blogs specific to tv and wb destination genres ,  and social media platforms beyond myspace and facebook .    knowledge and hands on experience managing and downloading from ftp sites .    good communication skills ,  excellent interpersonal skills – both verbal and written .    strong attention to detail is required .    experience in a support role for the execution team on large projects ,  some marketing and online media support experience .    excellent organizational skills .    ability to balance ,  multi - task and prioritize requests and still meet deadlines .    keen interest in digital marketing .    active facebook profile ,  interest in gaming sites .    general office activities including sitting ,  walking ,  filing ,  occasional lifting ,  etc .    must be able to consistently come into work early and / or stay late .    must be able to travel and excel in working live events or events not in a traditional office environment .    must be able to maintain a positive disposition in a fast - paced environment and during demanding times .    must be detail - oriented .    must have good judgment .    must be able and willing to take initiative and to problem solve as appropriate within the scope of responsibilities of this position .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 fonteva is a dynamic ,  fast - growing software development company headquartered in arlington ,  va .  we are the number one cloud computing software company offering solutions for non - profits ,  associations ,  charitable organizations ,  and professional societies ,  to manage their members ,  fundraising ,  outreach efforts ,  events ,  ecommerce ,  accounting ,  chapters and communities .  we build our products on the salesforce . com  ( force . com )  platform .  we are looking to hire an enterprise business representative who will  • generate new business opportunities to fuel the enterprise pipeline • create and prioritize strategic target account lists • research and build new and existing accounts  ( i . e .   adding contacts ,  sending emails ,  strategic calling )  • conduct high - level conversations with senior executives in prospect accounts • evangelize fonteva ,  salesforce . com and the on - demand  /  cloud computing model • achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and closed business .  the skills / experience we seek are  • a bachelor s degree from an accredited university • previous prospecting experience     
 posting job title  ynn syracuse internship  -  fall 2013 requisition #  148179br posting location  syracuse ,  ny ,  us area of interest  editorial position type  intern posting job description summary  we offer opportunities to students who are motivated and eager to learn about broadcast journalism and gain valuable experience in a newsroom environment .  the following departments are looking for interns who will help plan ,  execute and coordinate various aspects of news media .  duties and responsibilities   -  news  intern will learn one or more news department positions ,  including ,  but not limited to videojournalist ,  assignment editor ,  and associate producer .  as a videojournalist ,  the news intern will learn some or all of the following functions  using creativity and imagination ,  and exercising strong professional news judgment ,  gathering information ,  conducting interviews ,  shooting videos ,  producing and reporting assigned stories and events on a daily basis .  intern will develop a functional knowledge in the use of field cameras ,  gear and editing systems .  must become proficient in photojournalism and video editing technique .  as an associate producer ,  the news intern will learn some or all of the following functions  write news stories for assigned newscasts that are factually accurate ,  fair and balanced in content ,  and written in a clear and concise conversational manner ,  and meeting required deadlines according to the producer s instructions . as an assignment editor ,  the news intern will learn some or all of the following functions  assign news coverage / handles logistics of deploying news crews ,  gather and research story ideas through sources ,  beat calls ,  wire services ,  newspapers ,  magazines ,  web sites ,  radio and television news ,  and demonstrate sound news judgment in selecting and / or recommending stories .   -  sports  responsible for learning to produce clear ,  concise and accurate sports segments and stories as assigned .  select and prepare graphics and editorial content .  assist in shooting and editing sports video and stories utilizing field cameras ,  gear and editing systems .  assist in developing and producing sports feature and franchise stories .  assist in producing weekly high school football show .  learn to archive video that will give the department easy access for future use .  maintain thorough knowledge of sports in cable viewing .  qualifications  candidates for internships must   -  receive academic credits for the internship assignment .   -  have strong interpersonal ,  verbal / written communication skills ,  leadership and organizational abilities .   -  maintain a professional appearance ,  be enthusiastic ,  and have a demonstrated interest in journalism and news .   -  be able to commit to interning approximately 16 hours per week .   -  coursework and previous internship experience in communications ,  journalism or related field is preferred .  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  application procedures  only applicants who apply online at www . timewarnercable . com / careers will be considered .  time warner cable supports a drug - free environment fcc unit_twc  nwnyc controlling establishment id  00234  -  syracuse erie blvd more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 constantly growing in response to the needs of our customers in all sectors and verticals ,  shi has transformed itself from a $1 million   software - only   regional reseller into a $4 billion+ global provider of information technology products and services .  from software and hardware procurement to deployment planning ,  configuration ,  data center optimization ,  it asset management and cloud computing ,  shi offers custom it solutions for every aspect of your environment .   job summary  shi international corp .  has an exciting opportunity in shi’s integration center for motivated individuals looking to develop a career path in one of the most strategic verticals in the it industry .  the warehouse shipping and receiving clerk  /  forklift driver is done for the purpose / s of participating in the receipt and shipment of goods  maintaining required inventory levels  ensuring specifications ,  quantity and quality of  orders are correct  verifying stock and identifying losses  maintaining an organized warehouse layout .      
 posting job title  ny1 technical operations internship  -  fall 2013 requisition #  148367br posting location  new york ,  ny ,  us area of interest  cable television production position type  intern posting job description on september 8 ,  1992 ,  a new form of media  -  ny1 news  -  was launched .  ny1 is a 24 - hour news channel ,  serving new york city s five boroughs ,  parts of westchester and hudson valley as well as bergen and hudson counties in nj .  available exclusively to more than 2 million cable subscribers on channel 1 on time warner cable systems ,  ny1 covers the city with more than 40 full - time reporters and is completely dedicated to new york city news and information .  ny1 expanded into new york city s latino community by launching the city s first 24 - hour spanish - language news channel ,  ny1 noticias in june 2003 .  the channel is available on time warner cable s dtv channel 801 .  since its inception ,  ny1 news has become an indispensable community asset and is now the model for cable news channels nationwide .  by combining innovative technology with a strong commitment to reporting ,  ny1 presents viewers with the most comprehensive new york city news ,  sports ,  weather ,  business and features .  for new yorkers ,  new york 1 is the only local news worth watching .  summary we offer opportunities to students who are motivated and eager to learn about broadcast journalism and gain valuable experience in a newsroom environment .  the following departments are looking for interns who will help plan ,  execute and coordinate various aspects of news media .  technical interns  -  video editing  interns will shadow video editors learning every angle of the job .  depending on skill level ,  interns may have the opportunity to edit reporter packages for air .   -  technical operations  interns will mix audio ,  set up studio sets ,  operate robotic cameras and still store ,  call up teleprompter scripts ,  and provide lighting support .   -  eng  interns will work with the eng assistants to organize and maintain the cameras and other support gear for the field crews .  they will also occasionally work to support field crews and live trucks on remote shoots .   -  engineering  interns will work with engineers on upgrades ,  installations and maintenance of broadcast equipment and software  ( including production control rooms ,  edit suites and master controls .  )  interns will also help engineering staff document changes made on any transmission path .  candidates with knowledge of it and systems integrations preferred .  other ny1 internship opportunities creative  148187br  ( creative services )  and 148191br  ( graphics )   -  creative services  -  graphics for more information on the positions including how to apply go to www . timewarnercable . com / careers and search for the 144399br or 144488br  ( graphics )  news   -  general news  ( assignment desk / producers )   -  local edition  ( focusing on queens ,  staten island and bergen county ,  nj )   -  politics  -  education  -  transit  -  ny1 . com  -  ny1 noticias  -  pura politica  -  the call  -  business  -  rail & road features & sports    -  living unit  ( arts ,  health & fitness ,  technology ,  money matters ,  consumer watch ,  parenting ,  entertainment ,  let s eat ,  on stage ,  technology )   -  ny1 for you  -  one on 1 with budd mishkin  -  sports tape library  148188br qualifications for all interns candidates for internships must   -  receive academic credits  -  have strong interpersonal ,  verbal / written communication skills ,  leadership and organizational abilities .   -  maintain a professional appearance ,  be enthusiastic and have a demonstrated interest in journalism and news .   -  be able to commit to 16 - 24 hours per week .   -  this is an unpaid internship .  coursework or previous internship experience in communications ,  journalism or related field is preferred .  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  application procedures interested students must complete the online application at www . timewarnercable . com / careers to be considered applicants must list the position or positions they are interested in obtaining and rationale for selecting this / these area ( s )  in a cover letter which should be uploaded as part of the same document as their resume .  fcc unit_twc  nwnyc controlling establishment id  00112  -  nyc 9th ave more on twc  time warner cable provides generous benefits .  health care and retirement benefits are significant portions of the total compensation package at twc ,  and we invest more in those benefits than most employers .  in addition ,  we offer tuition reimbursement ,  adoption assistance ,  competitive paid - time - off programs ,  work - life resources ,  and discounted pricing on twc residential products and services for employees within our footprint .  our hope is that ,  by providing our employees with rich and flexible benefits ,  we can help them take care of the people who matter most – at work and at home .  time warner cable is an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 spring 2014 hln after dark intern time warner division turner broadcasting business unit_tbs cnews industry advertising cable / broadcast television networks online content / services area of interest internship / trainee location united states  -  georgia  -  atlanta requisition # 138618br position type intern posting job description qualifications  the intern for hln should be able to multi - task .  as an intern for the show  s atlanta based staff ,  candidates should have strong interpersonal skills ,  a background in journalism / television production ,  and have an ability to work in an environment that is often times fast paced .  an ability to move quickly and operate well under deadline is preferred .  duties  please note  students @ work internships are paid at minimum - wage and structured to last approximately 12 weeks .  program dates are january 27  -  april 4 .  course credit is available .  resume is required .  students should have a strong academic record  ( 3 . 0 strongly preferred )  .  students must have completed their sophomore year in college prior to the start of the internship .  in addition ,  students may not have graduated college or graduate school prior to the start of the internship  ( i . e .  students must be enrolled in school during the time of this internship )  .  students seeking college credit are strongly encouraged to apply .  note to international students  all international students will be required to provide documentation of proper visa paperwork prior to your arrival if accepted to the program .  due to the high volume of candidates for turner  s internship program ,  interested students are encouraged to apply for openings as soon as possible ,  as these positions will be filled on an ongoing basis .  future semester internship postings will be available after the current semester deadline .  the intern for hln gain insight into the editorial decision - making process .  they strengthen their research skills while contributing to the show .  they learn how to set up a script with video and copy ,  using cnn  s databases and newsroom computer systems ,  and learn how to use cnn  s video database to locate video for use on the program .  interns are expected to assist the team with basic and specific administrative tasks like researching ,  story pitches ,  suggesting strong video elements and graphics .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are e - verify users .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 spring 2014 hln weekend express intern time warner division turner broadcasting business unit_tbs cnews industry advertising cable / broadcast television networks online content / services area of interest editorial location united states  -  georgia  -  atlanta requisition # 138616br position type intern posting job description qualifications  the intern for hln should be able to multi - task .  as an intern for the show  s atlanta based staff ,  candidates should have strong interpersonal skills ,  a background in journalism / television production ,  and have an ability to work in an environment that is often times fast paced .  an ability to move quickly and operate well under deadline is preferred .  duties  please note  students @ work internships are paid a minimum - wage and structured to last approximately 12 weeks .  program dates are january 27  -  april 4 .  course credit is available .  resume is required .  students should have a strong academic record  ( 3 . 0 strongly preferred )  .  students must have completed their sophomore year in college prior to the start of the internship .  in addition ,  students may not have graduated college or graduate school prior to the start of the internship  ( i . e .  students must be enrolled in school during the time of this internship )  .  students seeking college credit are strongly encouraged to apply .  note to international students  all international students will be required to provide documentation of proper visa paperwork prior to your arrival if accepted to the program .  due to the high volume of candidates for turner  s internship program ,  interested students are encouraged to apply for openings as soon as possible ,  as these positions will be filled on an ongoing basis .  future semester internship postings will be available after the current semester deadline .  interns at hln gain insight into the editorial decision - making process .  they strengthen their research skills while contributing to the show .  they learn how to set up a script with video and copy ,  using cnn  s databases and newsroom computer systems ,  and learn how to use cnn  s video database to locate video for use on the program .  interns are expected to assist the team with basic and specific administrative tasks like researching ,  story pitches ,  suggesting strong video elements and graphics .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers .  turner broadcasting system ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries are e - verify users .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
 about the company  ?  appdynamics was just rated   #1 cloud computing software company to work for   by forbes !  ?  we are changing the way web apps are operated in a culture that fosters creativity and collaboration .  we host a variety of fun company outings like giants games ,  day trips to napa ,  and monthly happy hours .  ?  our office ,  located in downtown san francisco next to giants stadium and the waterfront ,  features an open floor plan ,  a game room complete with ping - pong ,  darts ,  foosball ,  and xbox ,  and a kitchen that is consistently stocked with delicious snacks and drinks .  we pay interns top rates and give them meaty ,  forward - looking projects that make a real impact on our business .  check out our website ,  www . appdynamics . com  ,  to get a better feel for what we do .  about the position  real - user monitoring is a brand - new feature for analyzing the performance of your web app from the perspective of the web browser .  here are some of the problems you could help us solve  how can a javascript library   hack   its host page to measure and report all the interesting things that happen ?  how about an objective - c library in a mobile app ?  how can we understand ,  and help our users understand ,  the performance of their web app across browsers ,  devices ,  pages ,  and geographies ?  how can we automatically find the patterns that make an app slow ,  using statistics and machine learning ?  about you  you are a solid ,  creative ,  up - and - coming software engineer .  you ve taken hard classes and worked on projects outside class because you love building software .  you want to learn from smart people ,  solve interesting problems ,  and see your code running on tens of thousands of computers .  you try to understand your users so you can make their lives better .   ?  our interns are long - term investments ,  so we are not looking for specialized skills .  you should be decent on the command - line ,  intimately familiar with a modern programming language ,  and you should either know java or be willing to learn it before you start .  you should be interested in what we do and eager to learn more .      
 posting job title  marketing intern  ( fall )  requisition #  149345br posting location  new york ,  ny ,  us area of interest  marketing position type  intern posting job description   you must be a currently enrolled student to apply for this internship     this is a paid internship   time warner cable media currently seeks a marketing & client solutions intern for fall 2013 ,  based in new york .  we offer opportunities to students who are motivated and eager to learn about the media business and gain valuable experience in a corporate environment .  the marketing intern will provide support to the marketing director on key projects and corporate priorities .  the intern will have an opportunity to further develop strategic marketing ,  project - management ,  product - management ,  leadership and influencing skills during this internship .  unique opportunity for a high - potential marketing talent eager to learn and make an impact in a fast - moving and innovative company .  product marketing & new product development support  ?  along with the marketing director help lead efforts to develop value propositions and strategically promote our digital product suite  ( online ,  vod ,  interactive ,  online )  to clients / agencies ,  working closely with digital sales leads .   ?  define major povs  ( point of views )  and marketing products by category ,  by quarter ,  and by initiative that support sales specific objectives and overall marketing planning .   ?  support the usage and adoption of the marketing calendar and sam  ( strategic account management )  as core methodology to shape marketing product prioritization by account across marketing resource types .  strategic sales planning & analysis support  ?  work with marketing director and sales to determine market and customer segment priorities for marketing products and help shape best practice transformation .   ?  drive strategic marketing analysis and idea - development for key industry categories and accounts .   ?  refine and execute cnas  ( client needs analysis )  by category and account to align draft packages and proposals with specific needs of the client business .   ?  collaborate closely with sales leadership and associated aes on prioritized categories and client accounts to craft region ,  category and account specific proposals  ( with input from cna where needed )  .  job requirements   ?  ideal candidate is a mba 1st or 2nd year student  ( majoring in marketing ,  media or communications )  interested in a fall internship and ideally with 1 - 2 years brand ,  product ,  integrated marketing ,  and / or advertising sales marketing experience .   ?  outstanding verbal ,  written ,  and interpersonal communications with proven ability to work collaboratively with sales leadership to shape and refine region and market specific agendas .   ?  outstanding verbal ,  written and interpersonal communications with over arching skill to translate hypotheses and research into powerful points of view  -  ability to craft and tell a compelling story .   ?  must be able to work independently on a project basis and meet frequent deadlines .   ?  excellent team and project - management skills .   ?  strong   sense of urgency   and interest in stretching to the next level .   ?  demonstrate   innovative   thinking and new ideas .  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  major in marketing and / or media preferred extensive experience with word ,  excel and power point and similar software  html ,  photoshop ,  illustrator ,  in design ,  flash and frontpage familiarity helpful .  fcc unit_twc  adsal controlling establishment id  00449  -  nyc 1633 broadway more on twc      
 intern -  marketing services time warner division warner bros .  entertainment group wb business unit wb pictures ww marketing industry film production and distribution area of interest internship / trainee location united states  -  california  -  burbank requisition # 138637br position type part time posting job description summary of position warner bros .  distributing inc .  seeks an intern -  marketing services for the marketing services department .  the marketing services department is responsible for preparation of all marketing materials associated with the theatrical release of a film .  interns will be exposed to all aspects of the materials process from print advertising creation to trailer and tv spot cutting / editing .  job responsibilities   learning and assisting with print advertising creation  ( one sheets ,  quads ,  standee s ,  etc )  ,  trailer and tv spot creation ,  legals ,  and servicing of all of these elements .    attending trailer mixes ,  trailer di sessions ,  print color sessions ,  etc .    special projects .    other duties as assigned .  job requirements   candidate must be currently enrolled in coursework at an accredited college / university .    administrative experience helpful but not required .    experience with a / v equipment helpful but not required .    attention to detail ,  multi - tasking capabilities and strong interpersonal skills are a must .  submit to job &nbspsave to cart     
   responsibilities   a verizon full time role in sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .  our entry level sales roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you  ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .  full - time and internship opportunities are available in any one of the following areas    retail leadership development program  ( full time )    2 year rotational program with 4 rotations 1 .  customer service representative & sales operations 2 .  retail sales representative 3 .  senior retail sales representative 4 .  assistant manager   qualifications   to be successful you’ll need    to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn   equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326133     
 position summarythe rockwell automation technical development program is tailored to accelerate the development of technical talent early in a person’s career ,  targeting technology trends critical to the future of our business .  ideal candidates for this program will have a demonstrated track record of technical excellence and a passion for becoming a deep technical expert and thought leader in cloud computing at rockwell automation .  program participants will complete several rotational assignments ,  designed to build their knowledge of rockwell automation products ,  processes ,  and technical skills directly related to their role .  upon completion ,  the individual will move into the permanent cloud services engineer role ,  described below . rockwell automation is the industry leader in innovating and applying cloud computing to challenging applications in industrial automation such as remote management of distributed assets .  we are seeking an engineer to work with contemporary software tools and technologies to innovate and develop secure cloud gateways ,  human - machine interfaces that are cross - platform and span mobile ,  tablet ,  and laptop / desktop devices ,  and storage of time - series data with efficient access to the stored data leveraging various retrieval paradigms including sampling and aggregation in the cloud .  exposure to microsoft’s azure platform - as - a - service platform is desirable but not required .  exposure to html 5 ,  json  ,  java & visual studio  . net would be useful but not required . minimum qualifications bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering ,  or computer science .  demonstrated academic excellence  3 . 25 cumulative gpa minimum strong interpersonal and communication skills .  analytical problem - solving skills .  demonstrated strong leadership experience location flexibility professional experience with a focus in cloud computing preferred  however ,  co - op ,  internship ,  or curriculum focus in cloud computing will also be considered . preferred education requirement master’s degree in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering or computer science  -  or equivalent professional experience .  ph . d .  is optional .      
 responsibilities  a verizon full time role in sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .   our entry level sales roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .   full - time and internship opportunities are available in any one of the following areas   retail leadership development program  ( full time )       2 year rotational program with 4 rotations 1 .  customer service representative & sales operations 2 .  retail sales representative 3 .  senior retail sales representative 4 .  assistant manager  qualifications  to be successful you’ll need     to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 junior systems administrator  ( job number 329849 )  description  saic s integrated systems group currently has an opening for a junior windows systems administrator in the suitland ,  md area .  position / program summary  the system administrator activities shall encompass client / server operations and maintenance ,  configuration management ,  installations ,  performance ,  capacity planning and office automation ,  system management ,  backup / recovery ,  trouble calls ,  account management ,  configuration management ,  and cloud computing .  primary responsibilities  the system administrator will perform the following activities  • monitoring and analyzing system / application activity and performance .  • providing installation ,  maintenance ,  administration ,  upgrading ,  security ,  documentation and configuration .  • ensure that all workstations / servers have the most up - to - date signature file release for that reporting period .  • coordinate routine software or hardware preventive maintenance and backup schedules with the government and other vendors .  • respond via telephone to server or critical watch outages and where required ,  provide on - site support .  • create accounts for network access submitted through remedy ars system with the work log updated accordingly .  • maintain server configuration documentation and provide scheduled and ad hoc reporting .  qualifications  basic qualifications  candidates must have 1 year experience with windows server os .  candidates must have the following experience and knowledge  • working knowledge of windows servers and workstations candidates must have the following certifications  • security+ • 1 windows certification  -  candidates must have an active ts / sci clearance • candidates must meet dod 8570 . 1m requirements portions of saic to be renamed leidos ,  inc .  ,  subject to stockholder approval and consummation of a separation transaction if approved by saic board of directors .  saic is pursuing a plan to separate into two independently traded companies  one that provides technical ,  engineering and enterprise information technology services primarily to the u . s .  government  ( new saic )  ,  and one that delivers technical solutions in national security ,  engineering and health  ( leidos ,  inc )  .  saic overview  saic is a fortune 500® scientific ,  engineering ,  and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world ,  in national security ,  energy & environment ,  health and cybersecurity .  the company s approximately 41 , 000 employees serve customers in the u . s .  department of defense ,  the intelligence community ,  the u . s .  department of homeland security ,  other u . s .  government civil agencies and selected commercial markets .  headquartered in mclean ,  va .  ,  saic had annual revenues of approximately $10 . 6 billion for its fiscal year ended january 31 ,  2012 .  for more information ,  visit www . saic . com .  saic  from science to solutions® job posting  aug 1 ,  2013 ,  4 49 24 pm primary location  united states - md - landover clearance level must currently possess  top secret / sci clearance level must be able to obtain  none potential for teleworking  no travel  yes ,  10% of the time shift  yes ,  10% of the time schedule  full - time     
 job description please note  priority will be given to local candidates  ( local is considered within 50 miles of san jose ,  ca )  .  no relocation will be provided for this position .  job description 8x8 is seeking customer service and technical support specialists to assist our business customers with our award winning hosted pbx switch ,  ip phones ,  networks ,  and voip service .  the implementation services team assists customers in setting up their new phones ,  features and services ,  by providing configuation advice ,  training ,  and problem resolution throughout the setup and installation process .  the ideal candidate will ensure customer success ,  exceeding their expectations throughout the installation and setup process .  you ll work directly with customers before ,  during and after their installation  -  -  promptly assisting them with the initial setup and configuration of extensions and services .  you ll assist with equipment activation ,  transferring phone numbers to 8x8 from a prior carrier ,  and ensure that billing is setup properly .  responsibilities answer inbound calls and perform troubleshooting steps to resolve customer issues instruct customers on how to effectively utilize the self service portal help customers configure telephone extensions ,  services ,  and activate equipment assist customers in porting their numbers from a previous provider to 8x8 meet or exceed productivity metrics while enhancing the customer experience resolve immediate escalations to ensure customer satisfaction qualifications 1+ years of providing customer service ,  preferably in a cloud computing or telephony environment ability to listen ,  analyze ,  troubleshoot and to resolve common customer inquiries strong organizational and time management skills excellent verbal and written communication skills team player with a positive attitude understanding of unified communications and voip technologies associate degree or equivalent work experience scheduling & compensation some positions may have an initial 3 - month contract to hire period flexible monday through friday schedules .  compensation based on experience .  full medical and dental insurance ,  12 paid holidays ,  15 paid personal time off ,  401k ,  essp ,  and profit sharing available after contractual period .  limited benefits are available during contractual period  ( see hr for details )  additional information please send your resume to jobs@8x8 . com  . notice to search firms and staffing agencies 8x8 ,  inc .  maintains an approved supplier list based on current skill set and technology requirements .  therefore ,  our supplier base is limited to our specific hiring needs in a given business cycle .  8x8 ,  inc .  does not accept resumes from unapproved suppliers .  any resumes received from unapproved suppliers will be considered unsolicited and 8x8 ,  inc .  will not be obligated to pay a referral fee .  all your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines .      
 the r&d localization team owns and drives all localization across the salesforce . com suite of products .  the team is currently looking for an intern for the summer 2014 time frame ,  to support the team in delivering our platform and services to our global users .  with the guidance of the team ,  the localization intern will be responsible for the execution of projects in the area of quality assurance .  language quality and linguistic quality assurance  create an audit of current linguistic qa processes and provide suggestions and a potential roadmap for process improvements .  the project will include  audit current lqa process and write lqa test scripts coordinate linguistic review projects collaborate with our localization project managers and our external translation teams other responsibilities may include  project management support for on - going release ,  including management of smaller individual projects .  release improvements through bug fixes linguistic review and improvement of a working language ,  if applicable job / skill requirements  bachelor s degree required .  ideal subjects of study  language ,  localization or translation ,  computer science .  internship program experience  in your 12 week internship ,  expect to explore san francisco ,  network with executives ,  participate in intern - only events and programs ,  and immerse yourself in the salesforce . com culture .  to learn more ,  head on over to www . salesforce . com / college about salesforce . com salesforce . com is the global leader in customer relationship management  ( crm )  software .  we pioneered the shift to cloud computing ,  and today wea ?  ? re delivering the next generation of social ,  mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell ,  service ,  market and innovatea ?  ? and become customer companies .  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies ,  the worlda ?  ? s most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortunea ?  ? s 100 best companies to work for .  our more human ,  less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters ,  winning as a team and celebrating success aloha - style .  ready to find your #dreamjob ?  learn more at www . salesforce . com / dreamjob     
 responsibilities  a verizon internship in b2b sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .   our sales intern roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .   qualifications  to be successful you’ll need     to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills    proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  our recruiters will review your application for available sales opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 vmware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 400 , 000 enterprise and smb customers to thrive in the cloud era by simplifying ,  automating and transforming the way they build ,  deliver and consume it .  as a team ,  our employees thrive on forward momentum .  we are an engine of opportunity fueled by the transformative products and solutions we bring to market ,  the passion and trust we inspire in our customers ,  and our collaborative drive to imagine ,  define and deliver the future of it through cloud computing .  with 13 , 000+ employees and 50+ locations worldwide ,  we are a passionate ,  innovative and driven group of people inspired by the opportunity to actively learn and contribute something back to the broader community .  connect with us at www . vmware . com / careers .   job description  the pricing analytics intern at vmware will work closely with members of the pricing and marketing planning organization to provide insight and analysis on pricing strategy ,  pricing policy ,  and compliance .  the pricing analytics intern will receive substantial guidance ,  feedback ,  and mentoring from the pricing and marketing planning team but will also have the opportunity to independently develop solutions to assignments .   responsibilities   -  build price optimization models based on an analysis of variables including value to the customer ,  market research data ,  country and / or region specific pricing conditions ,  and competitor price  -  build models to assess the financial impact of various pricing scenarios  -  analyze the underlying assumptions ,  economic logic ,  and key variables in pricing proposals  -  research and drive regulatory compliance requirements for pricing to the government sector  -  investigate and recommend enhancements to existing pricing programs  -  analyze past pricing program effectiveness  -  analyze pricing committee presentations ,  requests and manage meeting logistics  project examples   -  develop a framework / model for pricing in local currency in new markets  ( china ,  korea ,  latam )   -  develop a frame for service provider pricing / usage based pricing model  requirements  if you are a first - year mba student focused on finance ,  quantitative marketing ,  or economics and are looking for an internship in the high - tech software industry then you should strongly consider career opportunities at vmware .  in this position we look for a person with these characteristics    -  strong analytical and problem - solving skills  -  ability to create models that provide “what if” capabilities  -  ability to work under tight deadlines  -  ability to decompose and analyze key variables and assumptions in models for pricing proposals  -  strong understanding of the economic principals and related mathematics underlying pricing optimization  -  strong interpersonal skills ,  including the ability to communicate effectively in person ,  over the telephone and via email   -    please note we have multiple pricing analyst opportunities available  how to apply  please submit your resume for consideration to  http  /  / www . vmware . com .  .  .   vmw2 location palo alto ,  ca ,  us is this a remote or multiple location position .  .  .  requisition number 45569br eeo statement vmware is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees .  equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees in personnel actions ,  which include  recruiting and hiring ,  selection for training ,  promotion ,  rates of pay or other compensation ,  transfer ,  discipline ,  demotion ,  layoff or termination .  vmware does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sexual orientation ,  marital status ,  pregnancy ,  gender identity ,  gender expression ,  family medical history or genetic information ,  citizenship ,  national origin or ancestry ,  sex ,  age ,  physical or mental disability ,  medical condition ,  veteran status ,  military status ,  or any other basis protected by federal ,  state or local law ,  ordinance or regulation .  vmware also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law .  further ,  it is the policy of vmware to maintain a working environment free of all forms of harassment .  note to applicant  please disable your pop - up blocker prior to clicking “apply”  nearest major market  san jose nearest secondary market  palo alto job segments  intern ,  pricing ,  cloud ,  virtualization ,  market research ,  entry level ,  operations ,  technology ,  marketing     
 job details intern ii  -  us  -  texam intern this details all the information about the job posting .  to submit your resume ,  click on the  submit your resume to this job  button .  show instructions job title intern ii  -  us category product requisition code texam intern location us - tx - san antonio - cstl san antonio ,  tx 78218 ,  us education some college coursework completed job type contingent worker shift / hours travel required 0 job description the software development culture at rackspace ,  the open cloud company ,  is based on passion for open source technologies and desire to design and build software to revolutionize the world .  from co - creating openstack to being named on numerous “best places to work” lists ,  rackspace exists because of our fanaticism for our customers and the drive of our employees rackers .  openstack is a collection of open source technologies delivering a massively scalable cloud operating system .  software development interns will gain access not only to the creative rackspace minds building and maintaining openstack ,  but will work with them to design scalable and distributed systems and test products and infrastructure .  in addition ,  they will also work collaboratively on smaller projects that will require research and awareness in the business .  do you love all things technology ?  we re looking for software developers and linux engineers who want to help us take our world - class cloud platform to the next level .   -  python  -  linux  -  c++  -  javascript / jquery  -  html5 and css3  -  rest apis  -  chef / puppet / saltstack  -  nosql databases ,  including cassandra and mongodb  -  javascript frameworks such as knockout or backbone  -  cryptography  ( please note  this is a supervised ,  entry - level internship addressing business need through technology and application development .  it requires less than 18 months of experience in the field of study and current enrollment in a college or university .  )  job requirements  -  python  -  linux  -  c++  -  javascript / jquery  -  html5 and css3  -  rest apis  -  chef / puppet / saltstack  -  nosql databases ,  including cassandra and mongodb  -  javascript frameworks such as knockout or backbone  -  cryptography  ( please note  this is a supervised ,  entry - level internship addressing business need through technology and application development .  it requires less than 18 months of experience in the field of study and current enrollment in a college or university .  )  about rackspace hosting rackspace hosting is the service leader in cloud computing and the founder of openstack ,  the leading open source cloud platform .  we deliver enterprise - level managed hosting ,  cloud hosting and e - mail hosting services to businesses of all types and sizes around the world .  we serve over 180 , 000 customers from data centers around the world ,  and that number continues to grow .  rackspace integrates the industry s best technologies and practices for each customer s specific needs ,  delivering it as a service via the company s commitment to fanatical support® .  for the over 5 , 000+ current rackers ,  however ,  we are much more than a hosting company .  rackspace offers a vibrant company culture filled with compelling work ,  a supportive team environment and a lot of fun .  we are as fanatical® about serving our clients and one another as we are about building the future of technology .  we compete in the same space as amazon ,  microsoft and google because the work that rackers do allows us to lead the race for innovation and quality .  rackers’ opinions ,  ideas and creativity are pushed to the limit because pushing beyond the boundaries of today’s hosting standards is the only way to be number one .  the pressure is on—are you ready ?  but ,  don’t take it from us—rackspace’s awards and recognitions include   -  fortune 100 best companies to work for 2008 ,  2009 ,  2011 ,  2012  -  forbes top 100 best small companies 2010  -  forbes 25 fastest - growing tech companies 2011  -  glassdoor best places to work 2010 ,  2012  -  computer world best places to work in it 2010  -  business insider 25 best tech companies to work for 2011  -  bloomberg business week top 100 performing technology company 2010  -  informationweek top technology innovators across america 2010  -  info - tech champion in cloud infrastructure 2010 learn more at our website .  about texas many out - of - state candidates ask about life in texas .  first off ,  people don’t say “y’all” all the time ,  though it is pretty fun to say .  texas pride is real but not in a pretentious way ,  and football is taken seriously—very seriously !  the steaks are amazing ,  and if you like mexican food ,  you’ll be in heaven .  yes ,  you can drive for hours and still be in the same state ,  but texas provides a variety of landscape between the northern and southern parts of the state  in texas ,  you really can have it all .  about our culture as employees of rackspace ,  we are not simply numbers  we are proud rackers .  with that title comes a responsibility that we all feel .  it’s a responsibility to embody and live the values that make our organization unique and extraordinary .  it’s also a natural responsibility because the values we embrace were created by us .  learn more about our culture on our talentpage which features blogs and general information put together by rackers across the company .  rackspace hosting is an equal opportunity employer .  we provide equal employment opportunity to all applicants regardless of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability or genetic information in our candidate selection process .  the above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this classification .  it is not designed to contain or to be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties ,  responsibilities ,  and qualifications required of the employee assigned to this job .  skills type of job (  - us only )  0     
   responsibilities   key locations  kansas city mo ,  belton mo ,  blue springs mo ,  columbia mo ,  lee  s summit mo ,  merriam ks a verizon internship in sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .  our sales intern roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you  ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .  start dates for these entry - level opportunities are typically in may 2014 .    qualifications   to be successful you’ll need    to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn our recruiters will review your application for available sales opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .    equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  323575     
 responsibilities  marketing and sales internship  responsibilities   key locations  southfield ,  mi with some travel to indiana and kentucky .  a verizon marketing internship is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver marketing solutions to the business the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to support the sales team in matching technological solutions with customer needs .   our entry level marketing roles offer you the opportunity to work in an array of functions to effectively position our products in the marketplace and maximize return on investment .  you ll work alongside the best professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip team members with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will be exposed to innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios .   responsibilities include   • help plan field marketing events including scheduling events ,  managing giveaways and raffle items ,  creating signage and onsite displays .  • provide insight for marketing to college students  ( work on recommendations for college ambassador program )  • contribute to development of grass roots marketing initiatives that focus on 2014  verizon priorities • assist with any adhoc or office management activities .   qualifications  to be successful you’ll need   • to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program • sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred • 3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred • strong analytical skills and solid communication skills • proficiency in microsoft office products • enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  our recruiters will review your application for available marketing internships at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 the workday ux team is bringing consumer style interactions to business processes .  if you share our passion for simplicity and the belief that business applications should be strikingly better ,  this may be the place for you .  this internship will be a great opportunity to gain hands on ,  professional experience in ux design and user research .  become part of a ux team that thrives on sharing feedback and supporting each other .  responsibilities distill complex problems into simple and elegant user experiences for a range of target users and platforms including mobile and the web .  creatively apply the best user interface design ideas of the consumer web to business applications .  create wireframes and prototypes .  create innovative and cutting edge user interactions .  conduct user research and usability testing .  skills / requirements you have a ba / bs or ms degree preferred in hci ,  or related field .  you are a creative thinker .  you are familiar with web technologies and have an appetite for learning .  you love all things mobile ,  social ,  and cutting edge .  you are familiar with wireframing and prototyping .  you can communicate effectively .  about workday workday is the leader in enterprise - class ,  software - as - a - service  ( saas )  solutions for managing global businesses .  our solutions combine the lower cost of ownership of saas with a modern approach to applications .  the workday experience is the combination of everything that ? s unique about workday  our culture ,  our core values ,  our company meetings ,  cantina happy hours ,  our soccer team ,  our recognition programs ,  but most importantly it ? s our people .  it ? s everything that makes us different from your average employer ,  and everything that makes workday a great place to spend a workday .  at workday ,  we are committed to equal employment opportunity .  workday does not accept resumes from headhunters ,  placement agencies or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us .  our supplier base is restricted to specified hiring needs .  therefore ,  any resume received from an unapproved supplier will be considered unsolicited ,  and workday will not be obligated to pay a referral or placement fee .      
 user experience design intern  -  summer 2014  shure offers a challenging and rewarding summer internship program .  the twelve week program is offered to undergraduate students that have completed at least 2 years of college ,  as well as graduate students .  each intern will receive a competitive salary and students who reside out of illinois will receive a housing stipend to cover living expenses .  applications will be collected ,  reviewed and selected candidates will be contacted in late fall .   the user experience design intern will be working with the team on several key projects .  this may include researching ,  designing or prototyping experiences for tablets ,  phones ,  applications or web - sites .  necessary tasks would include  graphic design activities in programs such as photoshop and illustrator ,  wireframing in tools like balsamiq or axure ,  writing or tracking requirements in various tools ,  and other ux - related activities .  this candidate may also be asked to research and create reports about the needs of users .   requirements for this internship include   ·         pursuing a bachelor s or master’s degree in human - computer interaction ,  computer science ,  information design ,  digital design or a related field  ·         interest in working for an industry leading company on world - class products  ·         ability to create complex ,  intuitive and elegant user experiences for a range of computing environments  ·         knowledge of relevant software like illustrator ,  photoshop ,  flash ,  axure ,  omnigraffle ,  or others  ·         knowledge or experience in mobile operating systems and usability  ( ios ,  android )  is a plus  ·         ability to program and prototype in tools like html5 ,  actionscript or other language is a big plus     
 join duolingo s awesome design team !  what we re looking for  a passion for excellence  to be only satisfied with the very best .   ( we like  a manic attention to detail  we don t like  maniacs )  designers who have brought their own ideas to life and don’t shy away when it comes to implementation current student in design - related program or equivalent permission to work in the us  ( resident or visa )  knowledge of a secondary natural language  ( a plus )  active users of duolingo  ( a plus )  what you ll do  turn ideas into elegant usable web interfaces implement your own designs in html / css work side by side with a talented engineer who takes care of the programming  ( js / python /  .  .  .  )  what we bring  the opportunity to own and influence key components of duolingo ,  a platform used by millions of people worldwide     
 ux design engineering intern  /  prototyping internwe re looking for an exceptional design - minded developer to intern with the firefox user - experience design team .  the design process requires quickly - built prototypes to validate and refine design concepts ,  and you have a passion for building ,  critiquing ,  and iterating on these design artifacts .  you will be a full and active participant in the design process ,  contributing and benefiting from both technical and design expertise .  this position requires a developer who will thrive in fast paced environments and who can identify ,  prioritize ,  and solve user experience issues as quickly as possible . overviewprototype  create rapid implementations ,  in whatever technologies are best suited ,  of designs for testing and proof - of - concept .  research  be ux s eyes and ears in the technical domain ,  prototyping and exploring the limits of what is possible with css3 ,  javascript ,  html5 ,  and xul .  conceptualize  participate in the ux conceptual process ,  contributing both design and technical expertise .  advocate  ensure that the abilities and points of view of many different kinds of users get an equal hearing in the design process implement  support the faithful implementation of successful designs by providing a close feedback loop with front - end developers to provide guidance ,  feedback and assistance .  requirementscomputer science or computer engineering  ( hci focus a plus )  fluency in javascript experience with and understanding of ux design principles and process .  ability to translate complex interfaces into html / css / xul .  ability to rapidly prototype design concepts .  great communication & collaboration skills ,  with both designers and developers .  ability to work with a geographically distributed design team nice to haveexperience participating in and contributing to open source projects experience building firefox add - ons     
 intern  -  user experience / user interface engineering opportunities  as an intern at vmware ,  you will be challenged to create innovative solutions for our customers by solving complex problems in a team - focused environment .  if you are driven to imagine ,  define and deliver what’s next for the industry and your career while unlocking your full potential ,  come to vmware .  you will have the opportunity to grow in our flexible and dynamic environment ,  challenge your thinking ,  and influence the future of technology .  connect with us to learn how you can be a part of what’s next .   user experience  windows ,  linux ,  and mac os x platforms .  they are experts in human - computer interaction  ( hci )  who are both detail - oriented and technical in nature .  ue engineers strive to provide the best possible experience for all vmware customers by applying the latest techniques and methods including think - aloud sessions ,  storyboarding ,  interviews ,  personas ,  conceptual modeling ,  high / low fidelity mockups ,  usability studies ,  and contextual inquires .  the ue engineers work side - by - side with engineering to deliver enterprise applications using the latest technologies .   user interface  engineers interested in ui design ,  human - computer interaction ,  distributed computing and web technology get to design and implement windows ,  linux ,  and web - based uis for using and managing real and virtual machines .  they work with the latest technology in user interfaces and apis for managing computer systems .   responsibilities  in our user experience group ,  you may have to opportunity to work first - hand with some or all of the following   -  assist in developing user models ,  designing and prototyping user interfaces for interaction  -  assist in developing and maintaining user interface specifications and guidelines  -  help resolve design tradeoffs and implementation issues  -  conduct necessary front - end research and support usability efforts throughout the product development cycle  requirements   -  pursuing bachelors ,  masters degree or phd in computer science or equivalent  -  all intern candidates must be enrolled at an accredited four year university with plans to return to school upon completion of an internship opportunity  -  completed coursework in operating systems ,  computer architecture ,  compilers or networking  -  school or industry projects involving significant design and development  -  experience / knowledge in flex ,  hci ,  wireframes ,  mockups  -  experience / knowledge with css ,  html ,  xml ,  flash ,  javascript ,  java  -  previous internship experience is a plus  vmware is continually hiring for user experience / user interface engineering opportunities  vmw2 location palo alto ,  ca ,  us is this a remote or multiple location position ?  no requisition number 45290br eeo statement vmware is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees .  equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees in personnel actions ,  which include  recruiting and hiring ,  selection for training ,  promotion ,  rates of pay or other compensation ,  transfer ,  discipline ,  demotion ,  layoff or termination .  vmware does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sexual orientation ,  marital status ,  pregnancy ,  gender identity ,  gender expression ,  family medical history or genetic information ,  citizenship ,  national origin or ancestry ,  sex ,  age ,  physical or mental disability ,  medical condition ,  veteran status ,  military status ,  or any other basis protected by federal ,  state or local law ,  ordinance or regulation .  vmware also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law .  further ,  it is the policy of vmware to maintain a working environment free of all forms of harassment .  note to applicant  please disable your pop - up blocker prior to clicking “apply”  nearest major market  san jose nearest secondary market  palo alto job segments  cloud ,  erp ,  developer ,  product development ,  intern ,  technology ,  research ,  entry level     
 at u . s .  bank ,  we re passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work .  the fifth - largest bank in the united states ,  we’re one of the country s most respected ,  innovative and successful financial institutions .  u . s .  bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce .   the ux intern’s responsibilities may cover a range of tasks ,  including      ux testing – comparing user experience  ( ux )  design ,  interaction and copy deliverables  ( the “blueprints” )  for digital products  ( e . g .  ,  web pages and phone / mobile apps )  against the actual pages and apps that are built ,  and identify and report any discrepancies .    researching and drafting articles or other copy for various platforms   reviewing and reconciling documentation   data analysis on customer feedback   site audits   ux research   other tasks as assigned  the role requires     basic familiarity with digital devices and capabilities    strict attention to detail    ability to identify and clearly and succinctly describe variances between design and build    dive into learning and using systems with minimal supervision    excellent and effective verbal and written communication skills    fluency in windows applications  ( familiarity with any bug - tracking system a significant plus )     desire to work in a fast - paced ,  deadline - driven environment    ability to respond flexibly to changing priorities    desire to work with a great bunch of people and gain exposure to a working user experience team that includes content strategiest ,  writers ,  visual designer ,  interacion designers ,  reserchers ,  and usability testers .   qualifications  skills and qualifications    strong verbal and written communication skills .    major in communications ,  graphic design ,  marketing or related field .    fluency in windows application  ( familiarity with any bug - tracking system a significant plus )    strong interpersonal and collaboration skills  job administrative  /  clerical  primary location minnesota - mn - minneapolis  shift 1st   -  daytime  travel no  average hours per week 40     
 at u . s .  bank ,  we re passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work .  the fifth - largest bank in the united states ,  we’re one of the country s most respected ,  innovative and successful financial institutions .  u . s .  bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce .   the ux intern’s responsibilities may cover a range of tasks ,  including      ux testing – comparing user experience  ( ux )  design ,  interaction and copy deliverables  ( the “blueprints” )  for digital products  ( e . g .  ,  web pages and phone / mobile apps )  against the actual pages and apps that are built ,  and identify and report any discrepancies .    researching and drafting articles or other copy for various platforms   reviewing and reconciling documentation   data analysis on customer feedback   site audits   ux research   other tasks as assigned  the role requires     basic familiarity with digital devices and capabilities    strict attention to detail    ability to identify and clearly and succinctly describe variances between design and build    dive into learning and using systems with minimal supervision    excellent and effective verbal and written communication skills    fluency in windows applications  ( familiarity with any bug - tracking system a significant plus )     desire to work in a fast - paced ,  deadline - driven environment    ability to respond flexibly to changing priorities    desire to work with a great bunch of people and gain exposure to a working user experience team that includes content strategiest ,  writers ,  visual designer ,  interacion designers ,  reserchers ,  and usability testers .   qualifications  skills and qualifications    strong verbal and written communication skills .    major in communications ,  graphic design ,  marketing or related field .    fluency in windows application  ( familiarity with any bug - tracking system a significant plus )    strong interpersonal and collaboration skills  job administrative  /  clerical  primary location minnesota - mn - minneapolis  shift 1st   -  daytime  travel no  average hours per week 40     
 ux intern  ( fall )   09 / 11 / 2013  the most beautiful things on earth .   1stdibs is the world’s largest online luxury marketplace for one - of - a - kind products .  it has become the go - to source for the world s leading interior designers and consumers to find antiques ,  vintage furniture ,  jewelry ,  vintage fashion and fine art .   backed by benchmark capital ,  index ventures and spark capital 1stdibs is a unique blend of expert curators and seasoned internet executives from companies including ebay ,  gilt ,  google ,  freshdirect ,  mlb . com and twitter .   1stdibs is looking for a interaction / visual design intern to assist in the development of new features and products related to the 1stdibs website .  we are seeking a detail - oriented designer who has a strong understanding of user - centered design ,  who will help create beautiful user interfaces ,  and visual designs for the web ,  mobile ,  and touchscreen applications .   as a interaction / visual design intern ,  you will participate in usability research ,  create detailed design specifications ,  such as wireframes ,  prototypes ,  users flows .  you will get first - hand experience and gain valuable insight as to how interactive projects are designed ,  developed and launched .  candidates must be creative problem solvers ,  innovative designers ,  and passionate user advocates .  you must also thrive in a fast - paced ,  team - based ,  environment that believes in failing fast and delivering results .   desired skills & experience    should be an undergraduate or graduate student pursuing a interaction design degree or in a related program   an understanding of usability research principles and how to conduct usability interviews   strong knowledge of the adobe creative suite   ability to produce wireframes and / or prototypes using omnigraffle ,  photoshop ,  or other design tools   strong eye for typography ,  color ,  and layout   a passion for clean ,  accessible ,  and functional responsive design   an understanding of design’s role in creative problem solving   passionate about design and stays current with design trends   basic knowledge of html and  css     
 this client offers custom - built ,  top flight servers and desktops for business clients that is seeking a junior front end developer who can evolve as fast as the industry .  in order to compete with mega tech companies in the marketplace ,  team members must understand each component in the process and have the care to educate and inform c - level clients how major market providers position their equipment vs .  how it is typically utilized in the real world .  the client believes its ability to research ,  allocate and test systems solutions that make customers happy is their biggest asset .  this is a great spot for someone who is junior in experience and wants to get hands on working on different sites  ( including the firm’s internal site )  ,  build up their portfolio and also learn from talented mentors who can help you take your career to the next level .  the manager is looking for someone who has had some ownership on projects ,  even if they are small in size .      
 this is a technical position for a junior developer to prototype and implement the use of new technologies for investors and their advisors .   qualifications   able to code and test new technology independently with minimal supervision   web - tier development skills  ( html5 ,  java ,  javascript ,  javascript libraries and experience with open source  mobile development skills a big plus )    good product and visual design skills – able to envision and create user interfaces and wireframes   understand existing technology and how it is used to help propose ways that new technology can help   well organized   a passion for staying abreast of new technologies .    must be easily understandable and succinct ,  especially on the phone   must be willing to work with offshore team ,  including schedule flexibility   evidence of tangible accomplishments     
 pardot is seeking a bright ,  technically - inclined “designeloper” to support the interactive needs in the marketing department .  the right team member will be a fast learning self - starter with coding chops ,  a creative outlook ,  and an understanding of digital marketing and design best practices .  responsibilities  build custom email templates and landing pages to be deployed within the pardot system advise on digital design best practices with technical specifications code review interactive marketing tools and microsites perform updates and design work on the pardot website help develop back - end tracking methods to effectively track and improve campaign and site performance surface and champion unique new tactics / trends in digital marketing requirements  b . a .  / b . s .  / m . s .  with a strong academic record one to five years of postgraduate experience expert in html ( 5 )  ,  css ,  and javascript / jquery skill expert knowledge of front - end frameworks  ( bootstrap ,  foundation ,  etc .  )  experience developing responsive / mobile websites experience with html emails ,  open - source wordpress ,  and adobe creative suite applications strong understanding of cross - browser  /  cross - platform issues and how to resolve them working knowledge of server - side technologies  ( lamp ,  php / mysql )  and css preprocessors  ( less ,  scss )  is a major plus     
 this is a technical position for a junior developer to prototype and implement the use of new technologies for investors and their advisors . qualifications able to code and test new technology independently with minimal supervision web - tier development skills  ( html5 ,  java ,  javascript ,  javascript libraries and experience with open source  mobile development skills a big plus )  good product and visual design skills – able to envision and create user interfaces and wireframes understand existing technology and how it is used to help propose ways that new technology can help well organized a passion for staying abreast of new technologies .  must be easily understandable and succinct ,  especially on the phone must be willing to work with offshore team ,  including schedule flexibility evidence of tangible accomplishments        able to code and test new technology independently with minimal supervision   web - tier development skills  ( html5 ,  java ,  javascript ,  javascript libraries and experience with open source  mobile development skills a big plus )    good product and visual design skills – able to envision and create user interfaces and wireframes   understand existing technology and how it is used to help propose ways that new technology can help   well organized   a passion for staying abreast of new technologies .    must be easily understandable and succinct ,  especially on the phone   must be willing to work with offshore team ,  including schedule flexibility   evidence of tangible accomplishments     
 espark seeks interns to help build a leading educational brand that will have a global impact on millions of young students’ lives .  immerse yourself in the exhilarating culture of the startup world by working at a company that strives to change the way kids learn .  at espark ,  we accelerate student learning with modern technology ,  educational games ,  personalized instruction ,  and community .  the graphic design / front end developer internship is a part - time position for this fall .  interns in this position will work closely with the marketing team to ensure brand consistency and marketing effectiveness across all channels through web design and the development of promotional content for webinars ,  email campaigns ,  and events .  interns will have the opportunity to gain valuable insight into the marketing processes of a technology startup as their design work will directly contribute toward generating awareness of espark with school administrators and to teach them about the benefits of our product .  responsibilities assist in maintaining existing website built on wordpress create custom html email campaigns to send to database design promotional materials such as print brochures ,  signage ,  and swag design web pages announcing upcoming events and webinars create     
 zappos . com ,  inc .  is looking for a front end development college intern !   why join us ?  our unique culture has made zappos . com ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries one of fortune’s 100 best companies to work for five years straight .  find out why  http  /  / money . cnn . com .  .  .   why else .  .  .  .   want more ?  summer interns may qualify for corporate housing assistance ,  free food and drinks on our campus ,  social events throughout the internship ,  and a 40 percent off discount on zappos . com !   if you are interested ,  please go to internships . zappos . com and apply directly to the position on there !   who are we ?   the front - end team at zappos  ( aka fez )  is a close - knit group of developers who work to make sure the website is looking and acting its best .  we take the all the complex user and product data passed from the backend and package it into a pretty box .  we then wrap it with the recommendations offered to us from ux and make sure it s delivered in a way that s maintainable ,  speedy ,  and stable .   we are always looking towards new technologies and methodologies to make this process better .  we primarily work with css / html / javascript and different templating languages .  we are always looking for new ways to make things better for our customers ,  so you will always have lots of interesting problems to solve .   beyond all the technology ,  fez tries to blaze the trail of what it means to be a family and drive culture in a place where the bar is already set high .  we have gone on a lot of fun outings over the years .  these have included hiking zion national park ,  colorado river boating ,  magic mountain ,  the san diego zoo ,  and a san francisco tour .   what will you do ?    we re looking for a front - end web development intern who lives and breathes web standards .  you will have experience with standards - compliant ,  semantic html and css ,  knowledge of native javascript ,  dom scripting and familiarity with javascript frameworks like jquery ,  mustache ,  etc .  we work with a lot of  nix based technologies ,  so experience with shell scripting and gnu tools will be very beneficial ,  too .   you ll be learning the best practices for web development and learning exciting new technologies .  as you get up to speed ,  you ll be assisting with large and small projects that are fun ,  challenging and span the spectrum of front - end development on any one of a number of zappos development’s websites ,  such as  zappos . com ,  6pm . com or vip . zappos . com .   we re looking for people with great personalities who are team players .  when a project is done ,  we ll celebrate ,  enjoy the view and look forward to the next project wiser and stronger than before .   the cliffsnotes     learning best practices for web development   discovering new technologies   sharpening the skills you already have   semantic html / css coding / updating for assigned projects   javascript / dom scripting to build interactive but accessible interfaces   collaboration with ux team and business users to plan ,  prototype & build cool new features   maintenance / updates to existing sites   playing cards against humanity  are you a match ?     web development or computer science major preferred ,  or if you just have a strong passion and knowledge of front - end development ,  we are okay with that too !    ability to create layouts using advanced and semantic html5 and css3   knowledge of dom scripting with native javascript and js frameworks such as jquery   understanding of javascript performance optimization techniques   experience using apis and an understanding of http and rest architecture   an understanding of modern web practices to create an efficient user - experience   comfortable working in a  nix environment and using gnu tools   excellent written and oral communication skills   consistent with and exemplifies our core values   must be a team player and open to change   fun and friendly attitude   normal working business hours are monday through friday 9 00 a . m .  to 5 30 p . m .    must be willing to relocate to las vegas ,  nv for the summer of 2014  ( did we mention we have some sweet housing lined up ?  !  )   team fun fact   we once had a running of the bulls parade where the bull s butt spewed hershey kisses and yoohoo .   if you are interested ,  please apply directly on internships . zappos . com .  don t apply on here because we will direct you to internships . zappos . com .  doing more with less !   zappos . com ,  inc .  is an equal opportunity employer and drug - free workplace .      
 the client is transferring from an old cms to a new cms and has already completed the transformation on the back end .  they are looking for someone to move content  ( web - content )  ,  and take html and other reports to a more user friendly interface  -  this is a need for a front  - end developer  -  they are on a time frame with oct 5 being the deadline for this to be commenced .  the office is in glenview in a beautiful building with a great dynamic team of 5 tests and developers .  jr level web developer  -  with html knowledge 1 - 3 years  experience experience transferring from cms to another ability to move front end web - content ability to work in a fast - paced team oriented environment     
 job description as a junior solutions engineer you will proactively assist in the delivery of technical support and services to regional clients .  additionally you will liaise with the internal maxymiser team to continually highlight updates in documentation ,  training ,  online knowledge base and product functionality .  the ideal candidate should have knowledge of front - end development languages  ( javascript ,  css ,  and html )  and be comfortable effectively communicating coding solutions to client driven a / b and multivariate testing campaigns .  qualifications responsibilities  assist in providing client technical support ,  as well as troubleshooting self - serve and hybrid client coded solutions closely follow technical integrations and successful campaigns with fortune 100 companies review and understand client website architecture ,  including 3rd party software and custom integrations provide coding best practices to client development teams support regional on boarding activities for all new clients remain at the forefront of the latest enhancements in front - end development become a subject matter expert of the maxymiser platform identify and document feedback and customer needs to the product team and other executives work closely and communicate effectively across teams to ensure client success liaise with training team and technical writers on improvements to online help and training requirements  knowledge of front - end coding languages  ( javascript ,   ( x ) html ,  css ,  etc .  .  .  )  and webpage structures excellent oral and written communication skills an analytical mind with strong problem solving skills a consultative approach to issue investigation ,  analysis and resolution good working knowledge of web based technologies including ,  web analytics and other 3rd party technologies .  understanding of standard internet vocabulary such as dns ,  websites ,  cdns ,  dom advantage  understanding of a / b and multivariate testing experience working with fortune 100 companies we would love to hear from you .  additional information please visit the company website for more information www . maxymiser . com     
 summary  graphic design intern for school credit  ( fall semester 2013 )  principal duties and responsibilities  • designing mobile / tablet advertisement mocks for pre - sales • graphic for marketing events and in - house print collateral • assisting creative director with presentation layouts and a design library required skills and experience  • must be proficient in adobe cs6  ( photoshop ,  illustrator ,  indesign )  • knowledge of powerpoint ,  after affects ,  front end development ,  wordpress skills are a plus • you must be detail orientated and have a general sense of color ,  typography ,  and composition candidate must provide his  /  her own macbook computer and have access to reliable transportation .      
 cpf texas provides a financial life - planning service that helps to enable successful families maximize their resources to pursue their most important life goals .  cpf texas is a christian company and stands firm on biblical values in all aspects of our business .  we are located in plano ,  texas and are aligned with lpl financial ,  the nation s largest independent broker  /  dealer .  client operations associate assists the client advisor with delivering exceptional service to clients in a responsive and proactive manner .  the operations associate acts as a liaison between financial companies  ( lpl ,  direct - business investment companies ,  and direct - business insurance companies )  and cpf texas .  this role also assists the compliance officer and branch manager maintain compliance with regulatory requirements .  the main duties include  liaison between cpf texas and financial companies .  respond to client service requests .  maintain portfolio center .  assist with compliance .  back - up front desk personnel with answering the phone .  funds deposit prepare investment reports using portfolio center  ( centerpiece )  or lpl portfolio manager .  review accounts to determine if forms are up - to - date .  prepare forms for client signatures  ( hardcopy and e - signature )  .  confirm / correct account networking .  prepare insurance applications for client signature .  follow up as required to ensure receipt and processing open new accounts and prepare new account applications .  monitor cash balances in client accounts for distribution needs and to alert ca of cash that needs to be invested .  perform trades in client accounts .  prepare and maintain up - to - date prospectuses and forms as required for client accounts .  maintain compliance files in preparation for regulatory audits .  track mailing and receipt of client consulting agreements .  interface with lpl compliance and legal departments on information requests at the direction of the compliance officer or branch manager .  the successful candidate will have  lpl or other broker experience required trade and rebalancing software experience required portfolio reporting software experience strongly desired series 7 and 66 licenses required 4 year degree in business or finance 2+ years experience in the financial industry ability to work in a team environment is critical .  able to act independently .  tenacious ,  tactful ,  willing to continually follow - up customer service oriented ,  strong commitment to teamwork ,  eager to assist colleagues and clients alike outstanding time management skills and solid judgment detail - oriented and thorough with the ability to prioritize work strong technical skills including working with mac programs  ( osx ,  pages ,  numbers ,  parallels )  as well as microsoft office programs  ( windows 7 ,  word ,  excel )  full - time applicationcan be made to this position by sending your resume to info@cpftexas . com .      
    -  bachelors degree    job summary     loma linda university is a religiously - qualified equal opportunity employer under title vii of civil rights act ,  with the right to prefer a member of the seventh - day adventist church in hiring .   in the event that a qualified seventh - day adventist is not available to fill this position ,  preference will be given to applicants of other faiths who have religious beliefs compatible with those of the seventh - day adventist church and who support the published mission of the university .     the assistant dean - finance & admin for the loma linda university school of nursing  ( son )  will provide leadership for the accomplishment of financial activities of the dean’s office of the son .  these activities include financial controls ,  financial budgeting ,  development of son pay scales ,  financial analysis ,  formal and informal presentations ,  compliance with the policies and procedures of loma linda university ,  the maintenance of personnel files ,  the administration of the son office and facilities / operations management for the son .  performs other duties as needed .  job specifications  bachelor’s degree in business or associated field required .  master’s degree preferred .  minimum three years’ operations experience in business or associated field with two years of supervisory experience required .   public relations experience highly desirable .  proficient in people skills ,  verbal and written communication ,  computer data input ,  word processing ,  spread sheets ,  keyboarding ,  microsoft office software and telephone skills .  proficiency in motor skills ,  hand - eye coordination ,  dexterity ,  and manual skills are mandatory .  able to exercise good judgment and decision - making skills .   able to work with people in a tactful and diplomatic manner .   relates well with staff ,  faculty ,  administration and others .   able to deal with conflict and criticisms objectively .   able to maintain flexibility among interruptions .   must process creativity and flexibility as the needs of the office specify .  able to speak and understand english with professional quality .   able to follow instructions ,  apply basic math skills ,  compose / proofread professional correspondence and materials .   able to record observations accurately and manage office activities effectively ,  including project organization ,  clerical duties ,  working within deadlines ,  and managing simultaneous assignments from beginning to end .   able to practice discretion with sensitive and confidential information ,  problem solve ,  make decisions ,  and use good judgment .   able to make decisions and prioritize .   able to motivate and organizational skills are critical .  able to see and hear sufficient enough to recognize sights and sounds relevant to the position .   eeo / aa / m / f / d / v faculty full - time     
 fidelity investments is committed to delivering the best customer experience in the financial services industry .  we help millions of people save and invest through personal investment accounts and workplace savings plans .  our associates build long - term relationships with our customers ,  helping them navigate our full range of investor products and services ,  including one - on - one investment guidance ,  wealth management ,  retirement planning ,  income strategies ,  and college planning services ,  as well as integrated employee benefits solutions  we have 170+ fidelity investor centers across the united states and continue to open several new branches each year .  branch representatives offer guidance and personalized investment solutions to our customers in a face - to - face setting ,  and help extend the reach of fidelity s brand .  it is our priority to deliver customized and effective service ,  and successfully anticipate clients’ emerging needs .  at fidelity ,  you’ll have the support of a well - rounded team of professionals ,  with full access to some of the best resources and tools in the industry .  while you build relationships here ,  you’ll also be building your career .   position description  the financial representative acts as first point of contact in the branch .  this role works with all customer segments ,  mass market to pcg and provides exceptional service introducing prospects to the full array of fidelity products and services .  the licensed financial representative  ( lfr )  services the customer while uncovering and qualifying potential leads for sales opportunities through face - to - face in branch contact and proactive outbound calling .  this role is responsible for front counter ,  phone coverage ,  deposits ,  bank wires ,  basic account information ,  simple account maintenance and managing the daily transaction processing volumes for the branch .   primary responsibilities    acts as a primary counter rep  ( triage walk - ins )  .    responsible for educating clients on the services and products available to them to more effectively monitor ,  maintain ,  service and manage their investments .    coordinates overall schedules and appointments for the s ( ae )  and lobby .    fulfills client transactional informational and service needs .    sets up ,  inputs and enters data to the brokerage and shareholder systems which includes account maintenance ,  processing checks ,  disbursements ,  securities ,  toas ,  priority new account set up conduit to processing groups ,  cashiering ,  adjustments ,  etc .    responsible for customer literature supplies and inventory management .    responsible for arranging payment for incidental branch expenses .    handles outgoing customer mail ,  outgoing internal mail ,  incoming mail ,  imaging customer paperwork ,  etc .    processes checks ,  disbursements ,  securities ,  toas and priority new account set ups .    acts as a conduit to processing groups ,  cashiering ,  adjustments ,  etc .    adheres to compliance / risk procedures and exhibits detailed attention to disclosure policies .    serves as quality control point to ensure that all calls ,  paperwork ,  policy and procedures for customer requests have been adhered to in accordance with compliance requirements .    assists with seminar preparation and enrollment and presents basic seminars   responsible for fundamental guidance  ( simple planning ,  appointments )  .    identifies additional customer needs and introduces additional fidelity products and services .    provides investment information / guidance to mass market .    works closely with manager and other representatives to recognize opportunities to retain and build fidelity assets .   qualifications  education and experience    college degree preferred    prior customer service ,  sales ,  or phone experience required    experience or strong interest in sales required  skills and knowledge    series 7 preferred  ( required within 6 months of hire )      series 63 preferred ,  required within 90 days of passing the series 7 exam    insurance license desired    banking ,  insurance ,  or financial experience preferred    superb interpersonal ,  customer interaction ,  and communication skills are needed    pc / windows experience required  about fidelity investments fidelity investments is one of the world s largest providers of financial services .  founded in 1946 ,  the firm is a leading provider of investment management ,  retirement planning ,  portfolio guidance ,  brokerage ,  benefits outsourcing and many other financial products and services to more than 20 million individuals and institutions ,  as well as through 5 , 000 financial intermediary firms .  for more information about fidelity investments ,  visit www . fidelity . com .   fidelity investments is an equal opportunity employer .   job    customer service / operations  primary location    ca - los angeles  -  investor center  schedule    full - time  job level    individual contributor  education level    bachelor s degree  ( ±16 years )   job type    standard  shift    day job  overtime status    non - exempt  travel    no     
 our branch banking teammates are often the first to meet new clients and the ones who start them on the path to reaching their financial goals .  we help them buy homes ,  grow businesses ,  send kids to college and build their futures .   by having a conversation ,  we can understand what our clients need ,  and can create customized product and service solutions that address them .  our most important job as the face of suntrust is to build a lasting relationship that help us match our clients with the exact solutions they need to help them reach their financial goals .   the in - store environment provides an opportunity for daily ,  face - to - face interaction with thousands of prospects and potential clients .  in - store is a full service ,  fast paced ,  unique channel of retail banking that offers the ability to interact with clients ,  and prospects both inside and outside the branch .   in - store teammates will be required to provide industry leading service while assisting with and supporting all aspects of service ,  sales and transaction activities in the branch .  individual sales goals will be assigned based on branch opportunities and needs .   ability to handle a variety of tasks and priorities accurately and efficiently according to established processes and guidelines during the course of a business day including but not limited to     cash handling   deposits and withdrawals   payments and transfers   consignment item sales  develop and expand new client relationships through     utilizing resources to conduct consultative conversations and provide financial solutions that  meet clients needs across all product and service lines  -  not limited to deposit and credit products   identify and make appropriate referrals to other lines of business   promote suntrust products and services through public address announcements on the host store s public address system  ( where applicable )  ,  as well as prospecting for new client relationships throughout the host store .   licensed fsr roles hold additional responsibility for identifying opportunities for insurance and investment products .   licensed fsr roles may hold insurance licenses  ( life ,  health and / or variable )  and / or hold finra series 6 and 63 registrations  and must maintain appropriate continuing education requirements as required for retaining licensing and finra registration  have the ability to meet or exceed minimum performance standards specific to investments and insurance .   time spent in various aspects of this role will vary depending upon branch traffic and needs and the role of other teammates in the branch .  work schedule may include saturdays and sundays .  must adhere to applicable regulations ,  internal controls ,  policies ,  procedures and the suntrust code of conduct .   handles a diverse variety of tasks and priorities during the course of a business day  uses skills ,  ability and aptitude to deliver industry leading service ,  performs all client maintenance requests ,  problem resolution ,  sales and service functions as well as all teller transactions .   continues to advance product knowledge ,  credit services and sales and service techniques to better serve personal and business clients .   contributions made to meeting or exceeding client service and branch sales goals by identifying opportunities and offering appropriate solutions for personal and business clients .  focuses intensely on developing ,  expanding and retaining client relationships .   champions and focuses on corporate strategy within the branch ,  and acts as an expert resource .   may train or mentor new teammates .   consistently follows defined procedures for bank operations and service behaviors that contribute to delivering an extraordinary client interaction .   exercises knowledge of risk management and loss prevention .  limited supervision and / or assistance may be needed with some complex tasks .  will be required to provide assistance to any and all branch teammates .   qualifications  basic qualifications     high school diploma or equivalent .    three years experience as an in - store financial services representative or personal banker at suntrust ,  or an equivalent position at a comparable financial institution  or four years experience in a sales and service based position in a retail environment .   preferred qualifications     two years of college level courses in subject areas such as business ,  finance or accounting .    completion of core and intermediate stu curriculum training as well as corresponding pb course work .    strong probing and listening skills to uncover client needs .  ability to respond in a professional manner with a high level of service quality .    excellent verbal and written communication skills .    demonstrated ability to meet or exceed sales goals .    experience with discussing ,  recommending ,  and selling various deposit ,  credit products ,  and retirement products to consumer and small business clients .   licensed in - store financial services representative iv  in addition minimally holdsinsurance licenses  ( life ,  health and / or variable products )  and may hold finra series 6 and 63 registrations  ( or equivalent )  .   has and / or will maintain continuing education coursework to keep licenses and / or registrations in active standing .   ability to meet or exceed minimum performance standards specific to investments and insurance .   benefits   your life is full of responsibilities  suntrust provide the tools and resources to help you balance your work and your life needs through the following benefits     medical ,  dental ,  and vision plans   retirement plan – 401k with matching   life insurance   disability insurance   time away from work – vacations and holidays   professional development  -  suntrust university ,  an in - house career growth and employee development program   tuition assistance – financial help for going back to school  about suntrust   suntrust is one of the nation’s largest and strongest financial services holding companies in the united states .  we offer over 1 , 500 branches and 2 , 800 atm in convenient locations throughout the southern regions of the u . s .  suntrust provides deposit ,  credit ,  trust ,  and investment services to a broad range of retail ,  businesses ,  and institutional clients .   how to apply ?  is this you ?  if you are qualified and interested ,  please click the apply now button .   job   retail banking  primary location   md - silver spring - safeway #4115 briggs chaney  schedule   full - time     
 nyu langone medical center ,  a world - class ,  patient - centered ,  integrated ,  academic medical center ,  is one of the nation s premier centers for excellence in clinical care ,  biomedical research and medical education .  located in the heart of manhattan ,  nyu langone is composed of four hospitals  -  tisch hospital ,  its flagship acute care facility  rusk rehabilitation  the hospital for joint diseases ,  one of only five hospitals in the nation dedicated to orthopaedics and rheumatology  and hassenfeld pediatric center ,  a comprehensive pediatric hospital supporting a full array of children s health services across the medical center  -  plus the nyu school of medicine ,  which since 1841 has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history .  the medical center s tri - fold mission to serve ,  teach and discover is achieved 365 days a year through the seamless integration of a culture devoted to excellence in patient care ,  education and research .  for more information ,  go to www . nyulmc . org .   we have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a financial services representative in the finance department .  to qualify you must have a high school diploma or equivalent with a minimum of one year office experience or an equivalent combination of education and work experience .  the successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring maximum reimbursement to the medical center by performing functions charge posting ,  collection and cashiering  entering ,  verifying and updating patient information  linking the patient - related party and coverage records to ensure that claims are filed correctly  responding to subsequent requests for billing related information such as drg worksheets ,  medical records and assignments  plus all related job duties as assigned .  excellent communication skills are essential .   familiarity with medical terminology of third party payor operations ,  automated patient information or accounting systems preferred .   nyu langone medical center provides its staff with far more than just a place to work .  rather ,  we are an institution you can be proud of ,  an institution where you ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents .  and just as our employees invest so much in us ,  we invest in our employees .   we re pleased to have one of the most competitive compensation packages not only among new york s hospitals and healthcare institutions ,  but within the corporate sector as well .  we begin with exceptional medical ,  dental ,  and drug coverage .  we enhance this basic coverage with comprehensive wellness programs ,  and supplement those with retirement investment and benefits plans ,  and generous paid time off allowances .  add to that a very attractive tuition program ,  and you ll see just some of the ways that nyu langone medical center demonstrates our commitment to our employees .   nyu langone medical center is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment .  all qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race ,  color ,  gender ,  gender identity or expression ,  sexual orientation ,  national origin ,  age ,  religion ,  creed ,  disability ,  veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision .   we require applications to be completed online .   company location     nyu hospitals center position type     full - time / regular  union  non union  shift  09 00 am to 05 00 pm     
 every person needs the support of others ,  but we look for very special people to support individuals with disabilities  children with emotional ,  behavioral or medical complexities  children and adults with brain injury )  .  as a junior financial analyst with mentor oregon you’ll be one of those special people .   mentor oregon is seeking a junior financial analyst to coordinate all cost report preparation ,  audits and associated analysis .  this role will complete the initial review of all transactions that impact cost reports ,  provide on - going monitoring and review of information ,  complete analytical reviews ,  and provide commentary to management .   the purpose of this position is to assist the state business manager in providing a variety of complex financial data ,  maintaining ,  and updating company financial models and plans .  assist in analyzing and preparing analysis of company and program financial performance ,  using professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways ,  and assist with growth objectives in accordance with company goals ,  philosophies and values .   essential job functions   1 .  monthly templates  ( reconciliation )   2 .  month end close  ( prepare je’s ,  review & upload je’s )   3 .  month end analysis  4 .  a / p processing  5 .  prepare capital request  ( cerf )   6 .  lease contract administration  7 .  assist with review of general ledger  8 .  monthly grids  ( update & distribution )   9 .  distribution of financial reporting  ( p&l ,  staffing ,  overtime ,  etc .  )   10 .  petty cash audit  11 .  quality assurance tax returns  12 .  assist with monthly reforecasting  13 .  assist in preparation of operating and capital budgets  14 .  board and care funds  15 .  other duties / special projects as assigned  qualifications  requirements     bachelors degree in accounting or related field and three to five years experience in an accounting related position  compensation     $30 , 000 - $40 , 000 depending on education / experience   benefits including medical / dental / vision / 401k / corporate discounts   vacation and personal time  founded in 1980 ,  the mentor network is a national network of local human services providers offering an array of quality ,  community - based services in more than 30 states to adults and children with intellectual and developmental disabilities ,  brain and spinal cord injuries and other catastrophic injuries and illnesses ,  and to youth with emotional ,  behavioral and medically complex challenges as well as their families .   eoe / aae  job posting  unposting date  job id  1300038i apply now     
 finance intern (   job number  201631 )   we ? re looking for big ideas ? ideas that can embrace multiple petabytes of vital information .  that ? s how much data we manage and store at kaiser permanente .  we ? re home to some other big ideas ,  like creating kp healthconnect ?  ,  the nation ? s largest electronic medical record system ,  using social media and text messaging to help members engage in their own care ,  and developing predictive modeling tools that anticipate health issues before they ? re an issue .   description  calling all go getters… . trend - setters ,  goal - chasers ,  and innovation - drivers .   come get the experience you need to leap ahead of the competition .  help us shape and define the future of health care .  contribute your ideas to a place where powerful technology and business expertise come together to support lives .  do it all at kaiser permanente .  with internships and early career opportunities in it ,  sales and marketing ,  finance and accounting ,  and corporate ,  you ll work on influential real - world projects that will define our success - and your own .  now is the time to tap into your potential .  come accelerate your future with us .   essential functions  the internship includes ,  but is not limited to the following   ·  work on a designated project to solve a business problem  ·  through exposure to leadership ,  project management and business planning activities ,  develop a foundation for basic requirements necessary to be successful in a business environment  ·  assist with preparing management status reports and metrics on inventory  ·  track ,  document and communicate progression of tasks and provide follow - up to ensure on - time completion  ·  learn new applications needed to complete assigned work such as onelink ,  hp asset manager and other ms office products and analytics  ·  job shadowing in other functional areas is highly recommended and fostered  ·  perform additional job - related duties as required  ·  provide financial recommendations on inventory business cases  ·  deliver analysis on projects and ad hoc requests to drive financial discipline  · acquire financial analysis experience in a dynamic it organization within the health care industry  qualifications  basic qualifications  • eligibility to work in the us • student s pursuing a bachelor s degree at an accredited university • academic students seeking professional training within a business corporate environment • analytical ,  relationship building ,  and interpersonal skills are essential .  • leadership potential as demonstrated by on - campus and / or community involvement • working knowledge of ms word ,  excel ,  powerpoint  preferred qualifications  • 3 . 0 gpa or above • must be able to function with minimal supervision • excellent verbal and written communication skills • effective presentation and project management skills • recent work experience in related field  primary location   california - pleasanton - pleasanton tech cntr building b 4480 hacienda dr .   scheduled hours  ( 1 - 40 )    40  shift   day  working days   monday thru friday  working hours start   8 . 00am  working hours end   5 . 00pm  schedule   full - time  job type   internship  employee status   temporary  employee group   none  job level   individual contributor  job   accounting  public department name   it finance bmo  travel   yes ,  5% of the time  external hires must pass a background check / drug screen .   we are proud to be an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 the customer billing and reimbursement call center representative works as part of the third party finance department to resolve all cvs external customer billing & reimbursement issues within corporate designated service level agreements  ( slas )  .  the representative will be responsible for answering incoming calls related to customer billing statements ,  issues related to possible customer reimbursements ,  general inquiries ,  as well as for the resolution of customer payment concerns related to pharmacy claims .  the representative will work with other areas within third party to obtain the necessary information to resolve customer billing and reimbursement inquiries while also ensuring optimum levels of customer satisfaction by serving each caller according to the cvs / caremark company vision ,  mission ,  and values .   required qualifications  strong phone and customer service skills with prior experience in call center preferred  ( customer service ,  retail ,  pharmacy ,  or health insurance claims processing  -  medicaid or medicare  -  preferred )  strong diagnostic and organizational skills with a strong attention to detail ,  accuracy ,  and follow through .  basic working knowledge of all ms office applications  ( ms word ,  excel ,  access and outlook )   preferred qualifications  ability to complete routine assigned work based on productivity standards with minimal supervision .  excellent verbal and written communication skills .  must be able to articulate information in a clear and concise manner .  ability to receive guidance and supervision and follow all process and procedures .   education  bachelors preferred ,  but not required .   business overview  cvs caremark ,  through our unmatched breadth of service offerings ,  is transforming the delivery of health care services in the u . s .  we are an innovative ,  fast - growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork ,  integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers .  what are we looking for in our colleagues ?  we seek fresh ideas ,  new perspectives ,  a diversity of experiences ,  and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day .  as the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider ,  we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – minuteclinic ,  pharmacy benefit management  ( pbm )  and retail pharmacy .  our energetic and service - oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers .      
 reference code  13053229 location  pleasant hills ,  pa ,  usa education level  high school diploma / ged description template  qualifications  template  job id  13053229     
 reference code  13053145 location  laredo ,  tx ,  usa education level  high school diploma / ged description  onemain financial provides personal loans with one - on - one service at local branches nationwide .  with roots in lending that date back to 1912 ,  we have been helping people achieve their goals and dreams for generations .  our personalized loan solutions offer customers a simple and straightforward loan application ,  fixed rates ,  fixed payments ,  clear terms and multiple payment options .  our dedicated staff works with customer at every stage of the loan process .   onemain financial is a great place to begin or grow your professional career .  we offer training programs to help you build your skills and abilities in the consumer lending industry .   as a member of our successful team you will   - consult with customers about their financial and personal objectives and offer loan solutions to help them achieve their goals  - build strong ,  trusting relationships with new and existing customers  - provide exceptional service to ensure customer satisfaction and a continued relationship with onemain financial  - work as an individual contributor and as part of a team to achieve business / organizational goals  - work directly with customers through the entire lending cycle  - ensure that all lending documents and processes are completed per internal policies / processes  - manage collection activities including consulting with customers on loan payments for past due accounts  when you begin your career with onemain financial you will be eligible for a competitive salary with incentive compensation opportunities based upon your performance results .  also ,  from your first day of employment you will be eligible for our comprehensive benefit plans including health ,  dental ,  vision ,  401k ,  paid time - off and much more .     note   the information listed within this description summary is intended to indicate the general nature and level of work .  it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive account of all the responsibilities ,  and / or minimum qualifications required of an employee assigned to this position .   qualifications   - to work for onemain financial you must be 18 years of age or older  qualifications    - sales experience preferred  - customer service experience preferred  - effective communication skills that demonstrate the ability to work directly with people in a customer service capacity  - willingness to work flexible hours which may include some saturday hours  - experience in managing multiple tasks and transactions simultaneously while prioritizing work and demonstrating good organization skills  - experience in achieving challenging goals  - ability to understand and follow instructions / directions  - ability to perform individually as well as contribute positively to the branch team environment  possession of an active mortgage loan originator license in the applicable state at the time of hire is preferred .  all individuals hired into this position will be expected to make every attempt to obtain any necessary state license to sell mortgage and /  or real - estate products as a condition of continued employment .  while requirements for licensure vary by state ,  in order to apply for ,  obtain ,  and maintain a license you may be required to provide a summary of personal and work history ,  submit to periodic criminal background and credit history reviews ,  satisfy pre - licensure and continuing education requirements ,  as well as obtain a passing score on a written exam .   job id  13053145     
 you don t just want a job .  you want an opportunity to be part of something special .  a career at spirit aerosystems is that and more .  this is where employees every day are given the chance to dream big and make it fly !   spirit is a recognized leader in the global aerostructures market .  our customers are some of the best known aerospace manufacturers in the business .  that means our employees work with exciting technologies and materials to design and build some of the world s most popular aircraft .  if you are looking for a company where you can make an impact right away ,  sharpen your skills ,  and be part of a dynamic culture ,  spirit is the place for you .  teamwork is essential .  diversity is more than just a slogan .  initiative and innovation are valued .  our employees are leaders in community involvement and civic responsibility .  our company has a reputation for strengthening the communities where we live and work .   serves under supervision for a specified period within the occupation and skill area that directly relates to their college business degree .   preferred majors in accounting ,  finance ,  math ,  mba or masters of accountancy .    apply knowledge of occupation and skill area in which bachelor     
 accounting analyst intern – corporate finance internship program - 130036847  at u . s .  bank ,  we re passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work .  the fifth - largest bank in the united states ,  we’re one of the country s most respected ,  innovative and successful financial institutions .  u . s .  bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce .   the u . s .  bank corporate finance internship program is designed to give its participants unprecedented access to executive management and challenge them to immerse themselves in the world of banking at u . s .  bank’s headquarters in minneapolis .   in addition to their daily role in one of u . s .  bank’s business units ,  interns meet weekly with direct reports to the chief executive officer ,  as well as other senior executives ,  and begin the summer with classroom training taught by senior management from throughout the bank .   participants in the 2014 corporate finance internship program will experience the following    .   ·         weekly lunches with executive management .   past interns enjoyed meeting the chief financial officer ,  vice chairman of corporate banking ,  vice chairman of wealth management ,  vice chairman of wholesale banking ,  vice chairman of commercial real estate ,  vice chairman of community banking & branch delivery ,  executive vice president of human resources ,  treasurer ,  controller ,  and other members of the executive team .   ·         comprehensive training sessions on the banking industry and u . s .  bank business units led by senior management .   ·         competition in a bank valuation case study .   intern teams work with u . s .  bank’s corporate development  ( internal m&a )  group to value a bank and present their valuation to a panel of senior executives ,  including the director of corporate development ,  at summer end .   ·         mentorship from a young leader at the bank to provide guidance on career - related questions and make introductions .   ·         social and professional networking events throughout the summer .   interns with an accounting focus are placed in one of u . s .  bank’s many accounting - related business units ,  including the following   external reporting ,  corporate tax ,  accounting policy ,  corporate accounting ,  corporate payables ,  controller’s office of research and reconciliations .   qualifications  qualifications   • major in accounting ,  finance ,  economics or related field .   • completion of junior year  ( or equivalent credits )   • strong interest in the banking industry  • excellent verbal and written communication skills  • well developed quantitative and analytical skills  • ability to work independently and also in a team environment  job administrative  /  clerical  primary location minnesota - mn - minneapolis  shift 1st   -  daytime  travel no  average hours per week 40     
 required skills  detailed oriented person with an aptitude towards accuracy and precision .  self - starter ,  organized ,  motivated and passionate about numbers and accounting .  good knowledge of excel spreadsheets and strong desire to work with spreadsheets .  good communication skills and ability to have fun while getting the work done .  candidate should be a detailed oriented person who likes to work with numbers .  good knowledge of excel spreadsheets a plus .  no travel required assist with sarbanes - oxley 404 documentation for the company s controls and procedures assist with process flow charts for the company projects for tax department assisting compiling our contemporaneous transfer pricing documentation for the 2013 tax year assisting preparing the statutory sections of the form 5471 for new companies added in 2013 assisting with appropriate tasks in the q2 tax provision computation process assistance with sales tax audits archiving tax files into storage—boxing and labeling arranging tax files in cabinets—indexing files transfer pricing documentation identification of internal comparables nexus study compilation proactive self audit of expense reports and tax accruals for purchases sales tax refund claims for software licenses assist with various projects in financial reporting and operational accounting .  internal skills  detailed oriented person with an aptitude towards accuracy and precision .  self - starter ,  organized ,  motivated and passionate about numbers and accounting .  good knowledge of excel spreadsheets and strong desire to work with spreadsheets .  good communication skills and ability to have fun while getting the work done     
 financial analyst intern – corporate finance internship program - 130036846  at u . s .  bank ,  we re passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work .  the fifth - largest bank in the united states ,  we’re one of the country s most respected ,  innovative and successful financial institutions .  u . s .  bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce .   the u . s .  bank corporate finance internship program is designed to give its participants unprecedented access to executive management and challenge them to immerse themselves in the world of banking at u . s .  bank’s headquarters in minneapolis .   in addition to their daily role in one of u . s .  bank’s business units ,  interns meet weekly with direct reports to the chief executive officer ,  as well as other senior executives ,  and begin the summer with classroom training taught by senior management from throughout the bank .   participants in the 2014 corporate finance internship program will experience the following   ·         weekly lunches with executive management .   past interns enjoyed meeting the chief financial officer ,  vice chairman of corporate banking ,  vice chairman of wealth management ,  vice chairman of wholesale banking ,  vice chairman of commercial real estate ,  vice chairman of community banking & branch delivery ,  executive vice president of human resources ,  treasurer ,  controller ,  and other members of the executive team .   ·         comprehensive training sessions on the banking industry and u . s .  bank business units led by senior management .   ·         competition in a bank valuation case study .   intern teams work with u . s .  bank’s corporate development  ( internal m&a )  group to value a bank and present their valuation to a panel of senior executives ,  including the director of corporate development ,  at summer end .   ·         mentorship from a young leader at the bank to provide guidance on career - related questions and make introductions .   ·         social and professional networking events throughout the summer .   interns with a finance focus are placed in one of u . s .  bank’s many finance - related business units ,  including the following   corporate development ,  corporate treasury ,  commercial real estate finance ,  wealth management ,  finance operations ,  or corporate insurance .   qualifications  qualifications   • major in finance ,  accounting ,  economics or related field .   • completion of junior year  ( or equivalent credits )   • strong interest in the banking industry  • excellent verbal and written communication skills  • well developed quantitative and analytical skills  • ability to work independently and also in a team environment  job administrative  /  clerical  primary location minnesota - mn - minneapolis  shift 1st   -  daytime  travel no  average hours per week 40     
 basic objective  provide a well - rounded educational work experience for a student seeking an accounting or finance career in the manufacturing industry .  the intern will work under the direction of an assigned mentor within their specific area of placement ,  thus providing them with a contact for questions related to job responsibilities ,  personal development ,  or the company in general .  specific responsibilities  1 .  perform various analyses of financial data that is used for decision making within the business unit in which they are placed .  2 .  participates in process improvement activities within the accounting and finance areas .  these activities may involve participation on business process redesign teams that are assigned to deal with particular processes that are in need of improvement .  3 .  assists with the financial planning / standard costing process within the particular area of placement .  4 .  responsible for performing post audits of major capital expenditures or of new product introductions enabling management to evaluate the success of such projects .  5 .  may participate in analysis of the income statement and reconciliation of the balance sheet for the particular business or area of placement .  6 .  assists with the annual physical inventory process by participating as a team member of the audit team assigned to that particular inventory .  7 .  exposure to erp systems environment including sap and platinum .  8 .  applies general accounting and finance knowledge to learning and understanding kohler co .  policies and procedures effectively and quickly leading to advanced levels of responsibilities .  9 .  conducts other special studies and projects under the direction of supervision .  relationships and contacts  1 .  supervisory  -  reports to a designated mentor within the area of placement .  has frequent contact with corporate staff controller and manager of human resources for finance throughout the internship .  2 .  internal  -  frequent interaction with various members of kohler co .  accounting staff and also members of operations ,  marketing ,  and sales teams .  3 .  external  -  occasional interaction with the company s outside accounting firm .  education and experience requirements  1 .  this program is intended as a first practical work experience  therefore ,  previous work experience is not required .  2 .  the ideal candidate will be a well - motivated accounting and / or finance major with the drive and discipline to work with minimal supervision .  because kohler offers full time positions to nearly 75% of its interns ,  students applying for the internship should be graduating within one year from the start of the internship with kohler .  3 .  must have excellent interpersonal skills combined with a willingness to develop .      
 job responsibilities and requirements  our long history of delivering innovative and high - quality products that enhance people s lives and vision has helped alcon become the global leader in eye care ,  and has helped establish our strong reputation throughout the global eye care community .  internship overview  alcon  ( a novartis company )  finance division offers you the opportunity to experience a breadth of assignments as well as the flexibility to meet your individual career objectives as we work  .  .  .      
 vmware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 400 , 000 enterprise and smb customers to thrive in the cloud era by simplifying ,  automating and transforming the way they build ,  deliver and consume it .  as a team ,  our employees thrive on forward momentum .  we are an engine of opportunity fueled by the transformative products and solutions we bring to market ,  the passion and trust we inspire in our customers ,  and our collaborative drive to imagine ,  define and deliver the future of it through cloud computing .  with 13 , 000+ employees and 50+ locations worldwide ,  we are a passionate ,  innovative and driven group of people inspired by the opportunity to actively learn and contribute something back to the broader community .  connect with us at www . vmware . com / careers .   responsibilities  a financial planning & analysis  ( fp&a )  intern at vmware will work closely with members of the finance organization to provide insight and analysis to our business partners in the products organization .  an fp&a intern will receive substantial guidance ,  feedback and mentoring from the fp&a team ,  but will also have the opportunity to independently develop solutions to assignments .   the intern will own a significant project and will also be assigned ongoing analysis and reporting deliverables .   potential projects include   -  establishing a better financial framework for evaluating the success of oem agreements  -  providing financial analysis for software as a service  ( saas )  business plans  -  analyzing competitor financial results and forecasts  -  modeling costs & benefits of various r&d efficiency initiatives  areas of ongoing analysis and modeling may include the following   -  analyzing and reporting business unit results  -  providing data and analysis for performance dashboards  at the culmination of the internship ,  the intern will present results from the project to senior finance management and business partners .   requirements  if you are a first - year mba student with coursework in strategy ,  operations ,  accounting ,  and finance and are looking for an internship in high - tech ,  then you should strongly consider career opportunities in finance strategic planning at vmware .  in general we look for   -  a record of rigorous course work and outstanding academic achievement  -  strong analytical ,  financial modeling and problem - solving skills  -  ability to manipulate data and work with different data sources  -  ability to work effectively with a wide variety of people using strong written and oral communication skills  -  proficiency using excel ,  word ,  access and powerpoint  -  additional coursework in management information systems or managing technology a plus  -  previous work experience in management consulting ,  systems ,  or finance is a plus   -   please note we have multiple financial analyst opportunities  please apply via  http  /  / www . vmware . com .  .  .   vmw2 location palo alto ,  ca ,  us is this a remote or multiple location position .  .  .  requisition number 45568br eeo statement vmware is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees .  equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees in personnel actions ,  which include  recruiting and hiring ,  selection for training ,  promotion ,  rates of pay or other compensation ,  transfer ,  discipline ,  demotion ,  layoff or termination .  vmware does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sexual orientation ,  marital status ,  pregnancy ,  gender identity ,  gender expression ,  family medical history or genetic information ,  citizenship ,  national origin or ancestry ,  sex ,  age ,  physical or mental disability ,  medical condition ,  veteran status ,  military status ,  or any other basis protected by federal ,  state or local law ,  ordinance or regulation .  vmware also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law .  further ,  it is the policy of vmware to maintain a working environment free of all forms of harassment .  note to applicant  please disable your pop - up blocker prior to clicking “apply”  nearest major market  san jose nearest secondary market  palo alto job segments  intern ,  financial ,  consulting ,  cloud ,  financial analyst ,  entry level ,  finance ,  technology     
 freeport - mcmoran copper & gold is a premier u . s .  - based natural resource company with an industry leading global portfolio of mineral assets ,  significant oil and gas resources and a growing production profile .   freeport - mcmoran’s internship program is tailored to students and recent graduates with mining - related degrees .  internships typically run mid - may thru mid - august as well as the fall and spring semesters .  our intern program has been referred to as one of the top programs in the mining industry .  by providing structure and access to top minds and technology in mining today ,  our internship will provide you the skills and experience to help prepare you for a successful career .   under general supervision ,  performs moderately complex accounting and financial activities on complex accounts and funds in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and freeport - mcmoran policies and procedures .  the position requires the prioritization of substantial workload ,  multiple projects and specific deadlines  ability to successfully complete delegated tasks with minimal supervision .     assembling moderately complex and interrelated financial statements ,  reviewing and verifying the recording of expenditures ,  entries and postings to general ledgers ,  verifying books and bank statement reconciliation ,  monitoring and developing monthly reports of revenues and expenditures for projects and meeting mandatory scheduled deadlines    assisting operations personnel and cost coordinators with financial analysis and reporting    reviewing and interpreting financial reporting requirements ,  rules and regulations    assisting in analyzing financial operations and recommending enhancements to policies or procedures    assisting with reviews and recommendations of new or enhanced automated financial statements    performing other duties as required  qualifications     full - time student at the sophomore level or above currently enrolled at an accredited four - year university majoring in an appropriate accounting / finance discipline or closely related field  or    recent college graduate having graduated within 12 months prior to internship start date in accounting / finance or closely related field    proficient in the use of microsoft office applications including outlook ,  word ,  excel ,  and powerpoint    possesses strong data analysis and problem solving skills    highly accurate and detail oriented    possesses strong oral and written communication skills    demonstrates initiative ,  organizational skills and ability to work well under pressure    demonstrates ability to collaborate and work effectively in a team environment    must be able to demonstrate our core values of honesty ,  fairness ,  respect ,  trust ,  and integrity  prefered qualifications   criteria / conditions    work is in an office ,  mine ,  or manufacturing plant setting ,  which may include exposure to extremes in temperature and humidity ,  moving mechanical parts ,  risk of electrical shock ,  toxic chemicals ,  explosives ,  fumes or airborne particles    while performing the duties of this job ,  the employee is regularly required to stand ,  sit ,  demonstrate manual dexterity ,  climb stairs and ladders ,  work on elevated platforms ,  talk ,  hear and see    occasionally may be required to lift moderately heavy objects up to thirty  ( 30 )  pounds during the course of the workday    personal protective equipment is required when performing work in a mine ,  outdoor ,  manufacturing or plant environment ,  including hard hat ,  hearing protection ,  safety glasses ,  safety footwear ,  and as needed ,  respirator ,  rubber steel - toe boots ,  protective clothing ,  gloves and any other protective equipment as required    freeport - mcmoran copper & gold promotes a drug /  alcohol free work environment through the use of mandatory pre - employment drug testing and on - going random drug testing as per applicable state laws  freeport - mcmoran copper & gold inc .  is an equal opportunity ,  affirmative action employer  nearest major city  safford  job  2014 summer intern  -  finance  primary location  united states - arizona - morenci  job posting  2013 - 09 - 06  requisition id  1302763     
 carlson overview carlson is a vibrant ,  global ,  family - owned ,  hospitality and travel company with a strong portfolio of leading brands .  headquartered in minneapolis ,  minnesota ,  carlson encompasses more than 1 , 300 hotels in operation and under development in 100 countries and territories  more than 900 restaurants in 60 countries  and a majority stake in carlson wagonlit travel ,  the global leader in business travel management .  we have great momentum ,  as evidenced by the significant growth in our hotel ,  restaurant and travel businesses .  and we have the resources and commitment to invest in our business .  as we celebrate our 75th anniversary in 2013 ,  carlson is more focused than ever on long term global growth and innovation .  we re excited to move into the future ,  while remaining strongly rooted in the values and ethics given to us by our founder .   position overview for summer 2014 undergraduate accounting / finance / audit internships  various responsibilities include    accounting  general accounting duties  month end close process and account reconciliations  annual budgeting  process improvement ,  redesign and benchmarking  and special reporting and projects   finance  working with our annual plan ,  forecasting and performance reporting  planning ,  reporting and analysis across different business units  and special projects   audit  identify ,  review and evaluate risks and controls within organization units ,  business processes and computer systems and applications  work closely with internal customers across the organization  position requirements  qualifications  this internship is open to juniors at the undergraduate level .  we require an accounting / finance major ,  along with a minimum gpa of 3 . 0 .  we are also looking for someone with excellent communication ,  leadership and organizational skills .   eoe m / f / d / v  move up     
 i need someone to attend pack expo trade show in las vegas on my behalf .  no selling will be involved .  dates  23 ,  24 ,  25 september .  may require attendance on more than one day .  venue and more details   /  i need you to walk the floor viewing booths ,  talking with exhibitors and where appropriate obtaining product samples .  the job will include an advance briefing ,  with details about which specific exhibitors and products to target .  and a debriefing in which you will provide feedback and business leads based on your field work .  the advance and de - briefings might be a combination of phone and email .  the job may also require you to scan and email documents or send me samples in the mail .  some prior knowledge about product design ,  packaging or manufacturing will be useful but is not required .  please contact me if you are interested and we can discuss .  desired skills  admin assistant data entry research     
 reference code  13015838 location  new york ,  ny ,  usa education level  bachelor s degree description  credit support handles front office trading support for all credit businesses .  the support role will cover all trade capture ,  risk ,  pnl and pricing applications heavily utilized by the various trading desks .  key responsibitlities  the job will involved face - to - face support of traders assisting them on a wide range of technical challenges which could cover anything from electronic trading through to their real time bond & cds risk and / or pnl .  the job entails complex problem solving tasks ,  which could span not only our own front office trading systems but also through to our downstream settlement and financial control systems .  the role involves start of day system checkouts ,  rapid diagnosis of production problems ,  and escalation of issues to the appropriate teams in a timely manner when required .  the role involves the development of realtime reports using clojure ,  and also scripting of bespoke forward - thinking monitoring which facilitates us in catching issues before the impact our users .  any ideas to streamline and automate our daily processes are actively encouraged .  there is also a business analysis and project management element to the role ,  as all support staff also perform an sme / application manager role for at least one of our applications .  as we are the closest team to the business we are often best placed to identify ,  propose and implement solutions to the problems that traders face on a daily basis .  the role involves all of the following   -  incident & problem management  -  change management  -  release management  -  knowledge management  ( through wiki and training sessions )   -  alert management  ( through the development of bespoke application monitoring )   -  special projects  ( around continuity of business / disaster recovery ,  mis reporting ,  automation ,  server migrations ,  process analysis & improvement )   qualifications  the ideal candidate will have at least 2 years front office support experience in investment banking .  useful technology skills include sql ,  scripting  ( perl or shell )  ,  clojure development ,  unix knowledge ,  and desktop knowledge .  further to this ,  understanding of the business and the products that they trade is also hugely beneficial .  excellent communications skills are a pre - requisite as the clients are traders and thus expect a premium level of service and understanding of the business ,  products and markets  -  together with a good appreciation of a trader mindset .   - sql  - some unix and perl scripting  - exposure to  . net preferable  - ion marketview and ecn trading competencies  excellent communicator ,  able to work collaboratively .  the job will involve extensive interaction and collaboration with other development / support teams working on the various components of the project .   - excellent client facing skills  - self - starter  - motivated  - structured and methodical  - an all - rounder knowledge / experience   - banking experience is essential  preferable in one of the big financial power houses  - risk management  - bond / cds / loans pricing  - working on large systems with multi dependencies  job id  13015838     
 job summary  to ensure comtrak invoicing team has all backup paperwork needed for billing .  essential job functions  outstanding documents –trade accounts review daily outstanding document report .  sort missing document spreadsheet daily by date ,  terminal and document type .  merge current list with previous day’s list to keep all notes and manually added information .  send weekly group email to terminals with detail list of outstanding documents and due date .  search alchemy for documents by order number .  search scantrak for documents by driver number .  send daily email updates to individual terminals for assistance in acquiring documents drivers did not scan or turn in .  call shippers and / or consignees to obtain documents .  research problems and prepare a list of any issues and added comments for comtrak invoicing team .  email weekly spreadsheet with list of issues and added comments to comtrak invoicing team .  work directly with comtrak invoicing team ,  comtrak collector and terminals to resolve all issues .  prepare outstanding document list for weekly meeting and update at end of meeting day .  email update to amy smith .  work directly with comtrak invoicing team on documentation for special need customers .  help research and problem solve .  email terminal manager list of drivers not scanning required documents .  equipment used  computer fax copier scanner phone ten key programs used  microsoft outlook microsoft excel alchemy infotrak scantrak other benefits  hub group provides the opportunity to participate in a variety of outstanding benefits .  in addition to a business casual office atmosphere ,  the company offers the following benefit programs  3 medical plans dental plan 401 ( k )  plan long term disability insurance life / ad&d insurance vision insurance additional individual voluntary insurance plan flexible spending accounts scholarship award paid sick time / short term disability programs vacation pay holiday pay we are committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity and will not discriminate on any legally recognized basis ,  including but not limited to race ,  age ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  marital status ,  national origin ,  citizenship ,  ancestry ,  non - job related handicap or disability or veteran status .  we also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the americans with disabilities act and applicable state and local law .  if you require an accommodation in the application process ,  please advise the comtrak logistics ,  inc .  human resources department .      
vp teaneck 172   part time  ( 20+ hrs / week )  evening 20 . 00    
 the trade industry is seeking a full - time administrative assistant for the elko ,  nv area .  web recruiter seeks someone who can perform the following primary roles and responsibilities  prepare quotes ,  follow - ups and marketing material ,  coordinate trade shows ,  search ,  market lists and office maintenance .  the right candidate will be someone who has ,  or can use ,  the following experience ,  skills or abilities  marketing material design and follow up on due dates ,  ability to self - start ,  multi - task effectively .  salary or wage per hour  $19 .  environment is described as  local and successful .  location  elko ,  nv 89802 unique job code  nv8072     
 at ntt data ,  we know that with the right people on board ,  anything is possible .  the quality ,  integrity ,  and commitment of our employees have been key factors in our company’s growth and market presence .  by hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally ,  we ensure a bright future for ntt data and for the people who work here .  ntt data federal services ,  inc .  currently seeks a telecommunication billing administrator to join our team in washington ,  dc .   must have an active top secret clearance to be considered .    a telecommunication administrator shall work with personnel and within the client s guideline and procedures to execute general clerical duties that support the equipment and service ordering ,  billing and financial tasks required in the management of the enterprise telecommunications services .   some of the job duties are as follows   -  receiving invoices from service providers ,  auditing them for accuracy and assigning them to the appropriate recipients for prompt authorization to pay   -  working with service providers to resolve past due invoices  -  disputing incorrect invoice charges and following through until successful resolution of the accounts  -  issuing requests to disconnect or connect telecommunication services   -  providing financial reports to the customer upon request  and  -  willing to support any other administrative effort that is required to accomodate the changes in the client s areas of responsibility and focus .    this is a full - time salaried position with a group company within ntt data .  please note ,  1099 or corp - 2 - corp contractors will not be considered .  this position is only available to those interested in direct staff employment opportunities .   we offer a full comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment .  about ntt datantt data is your innovation partner anywhere around the world .   with business operations in more than 35 countries ,  we put emphasis on long - term commitment and combine global reach and local intimacy to provide premier professional services from consulting ,  system development ,  business process and it outsourcing to cloud - based solutions .    visit www . nttdata . com / americas  to learn how our consultants ,  projects ,  managed services ,  and outsourcing engagements deliver value for a range of businesses and government agenciesindfed1     
 the university of new mexico s department of unmtemps services is seeking qualified applicants for the position of trades tech helper .  unmtemps provides staffing solutions to departments requesting temporary employees as positions become available due to a vacancy ,  when regular employees are absent ,  for peak work periods ,  and for special events .  unmtemps assignments / positions are non - benefits eligible .   trades tech helper assists building trades technicians with facility maintenance and repair work ,  including plumbing ,  carpentry ,  hvac ,  painting ,  metal work ,  and / or welding .  assisting with loading and unloading trucks ,  setting up and breaking down events .  may operate forklifts .     days & hours  monday  -  friday ,  8 00 a . m .   -  4 30 p . m .     projected end date  03 / 08 / 2014  ( unmtemps assignments may end with little or no advance notice )     parking arrangements  parking arrangements will be the responsibility of the employee   less than high school  no previous work experience required .    it is required that your applicationreflects in the education and employment history sections that you meet the minimum qualifications .   please provide at least three supervisory references .         prior experience in one or more of the building trades  ( electrical ,  carpentry ,  painting ,  etc .  )     knowledge with general maintenance repairs and with custodial and clean up tasks at job sites and other locations    experience with hand and power tools while following safety procedures     
 junior it helpdesk analyst  -  elkridge ,  md  junior it helpdesk analyst  -  elkridge ,  md  bookmark and share save this job email this job text this job  junior it helpdesk analyst  -  elkridge ,  md  -  525452  click here to apply  position description  position description   serve as initial point of contact for technical support calls received by phone ,  e - mail or other method .  this is includes installing ,  diagnosing ,  repairing ,  maintaining ,  and upgrading all tablet hardware and equipment to ensure optimal performance .  provide quality support to end users with high degree of customer satisfaction ,  technical knowledge and timeliness either by resolving the issue or by delegating and coordinating efforts with other hawkeye it staff .  find solutions and / or workarounds for issues found by end users and make intelligent decisions to help resolve their issues .   primary responsibilities     perform a variety of system problem analysis and monitoring tasks .    talk to users and understand their issues and questions  log and track issues related to tablet systems  find root cause of the problem and try to solve it  make intelligent decisions on solutions / workarounds to let the user do their day to day work  act as liaison between users and development team to communicate the problem resolution to users .    replicate and resolve end - user issues in the hardware environment  ( triage )  .    participate in the preparation of training material and documentation for support use  conduct periodic inventory maintenance on all equipment ,  track user problem trends .    create and distribute network related information to users ,  such as new account information  as well as ,  activating and deactivating user accounts .    assist with installation and maintenance of tablet computers .  assist in shipping tablet computers to end users .    assist with installation and troubleshooting of custom built tablet application .    all other tasks as assigned .    must be able to work with users at all levels of skills and abilities .    ability to manage multiple priorities and demands on a daily basis .   requirements  requirements     bachelor s degree or high school diploma / ged with 4+ years of it helpdesk experience   must be willing to work a flexible eight hour schedule m  -  f between 9am & 11pm ,  with one saturday a month   1+ year experience in information systems or technical support   1+ year experience troubleshooting computer hardware and software   experience with ms microsoft office applications   experience working with a helpdesk ticketing systems   experience with windows 7   basic sql knowledge  assets     experience working with footprints ticketing system   experience supporting mobile devices and / or tablets   healthcare experience   knowledge of hipaa  unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement is part of the family of companies that make unitedhealth group one of the leaders across most major segments of the us health care system .   imagine joining a group of professionals and clinicians who are working to improve health care for people over 50 .  consider the influence you can have on the quality of care for millions of people .  now ,  enhance that success with enthusiasm you can really feel .   that s how it is at unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement .  everyday ,  we re collaborating to improve the health and well being of the fastest growing segment of our nation s population .  and we re doing it with an intense amount of dedication .   here ,  you will discover a culture that grows through challenge .  that evolves by being flexible .  that succeeds by staying true to our mission to make health care work effectively and efficiently for seniors .  put your best to work for us ,  and discover extraordinary opportunities for growth .   diversity creates a healthier atmosphere  equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v  unitedhealth group is a drug - free workplace .  candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment .  in addition ,  employees in certain positions are subject to random drug testing .   click here to apply  save this job email this job text this job bookmark and share  job details  contest number   525452 job title   junior it helpdesk analyst  -  elkridge ,  md job family   information technology business segment   medicare and retirement  job location information   region   north america country   united states city   elkridge state  -  province   maryland other states where job ( s )  is located    ,  ,  ,  ,  other cities where job ( s )  is located    ,  ,  ,  ,   additional job detail information   employee status   regular schedule   full - time job level   individual contributor shift   day job travel   no telecommuter position   no overtime status   non - exempt  saved jobs saved jobs 0 saved jobs view saved jobs  similar jobs irvine ,  ca director ,  information architecture / strategy  -  optumrx513420  broomfield ,  co java developer  -  broomfield ,  co513347  greenville ,  sc java ui developer  -  greenville ,  sc518708  find a career  rc_marketing  marketing communications & product development  we will empower you to make bold ,  creative contributions that positively impact our business .      
 disney professional internships  merchandise business analyst internship  company overview  the walt disney company is a world - class entertainment and technological leader .  walt’s passion was to continuously envision new ways to move audiences around the world—a passion that remains our touchstone in an enterprise that stretches from theme parks ,  resorts and a cruise line to sports ,  news ,  movies and a variety of other businesses .  uniting each endeavor is a commitment to creating and delivering unforgettable experiences — and we’re constantly looking for new ways to enhance these exciting experiences .  bring your individual talents here and discover for yourself why a career with disney is the opportunity you’ve been looking for .   department overview  “it takes people to make the dream a reality . ” walt was on to something when he said that ,  and it continues to ring true today .  no matter the stage in your career ,  being a part of walt disney parks & resorts means being a part of a team where you help bring innovation to life through unsurpassed products ,  services and most importantly remarkable experiences .  as a cast member you are the steward and connection to our legacy and the backbone of our thriving innovations .  join our team and watch your dreams come true .  responsibilities  the merchandise business analyst intern will assist the senior merchandise systems analyst to provide information and insights into sales ,  category assortments ,  store groupings ,  and market trends to measure performance and shape business decisions .  the ideal candidate will have data interpretation skills and be able to communicate insights and findings to management in a clear ,  compelling way .  basic qualifications  these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently a senior or higher seeking a degree in business information management ,  actuarial science ,  applied mathematics ,  supply chain management ,  industrial engineering ,  finance ,  economics  ( or related )       demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    strong partnering skills    strong business writing and data visualization skills    proven organizational and time management skills with attention to detail    able to communicate progress and provide status updates when necessary    demonstrated proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint    excel skills  ( e . g .  ,  vlookup ,  sumif ,  macros )     experience with analytical tools  ( such as sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  or arena )   preferred   the merchandise business analyst intern will assist the senior merchandise systems analyst to provide information and insights into sales ,  category assortments ,  store groupings ,  and market trends to measure performance and shape business decisions .  the ideal candidate will have data interpretation skills and be able to communicate insights and findings to management in a clear ,  compelling way .  basic qualifications  these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently a senior or higher seeking a degree in business information management ,  actuarial science ,  applied mathematics ,  supply chain management ,  industrial engineering ,  finance ,  economics  ( or related )       demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    strong partnering skills    strong business writing and data visualization skills    proven organizational and time management skills with attention to detail    able to communicate progress and provide status updates when necessary    demonstrated proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint    excel skills  ( e . g .  ,  vlookup ,  sumif ,  macros )     experience with analytical tools  ( such as sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  or arena )   preferred qualifications   willingness to learn new business dynamics    demonstrated ability to manage conflict / resolution    experience coding in a programming language    retail or customer service experience    experience with b . i .  and analytical tools including sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  and arena   s  these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently a senior or higher seeking a degree in business information management ,  actuarial science ,  applied mathematics ,  supply chain management ,  industrial engineering ,  finance ,  economics  ( or related )       demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    strong partnering skills    strong business writing and data visualization skills    proven organizational and time management skills with attention to detail    able to communicate progress and provide status updates when necessary    demonstrated proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint    excel skills  ( e . g .  ,  vlookup ,  sumif ,  macros )     experience with analytical tools  ( such as sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  or arena )      willingness to learn new business dynamics    demonstrated ability to manage conflict / resolution    experience coding in a programming language    retail or customer service experience    experience with b . i .  and analytical tools including sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  and arena  job posting industries  leisure and travel      materials required     college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   -  please upload your transcript while completing the online application  internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u .  s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   application deadline  the deadline to apply for this internship is oct 2nd ,  2013 .   recommendation – print this role description  strong candidates may be invited to complete a phone interview .  we strongly encourage applicants to print a copy of this role description so they can refer to it in the event they are selected for a phone interview .  note that this role description will not be accessible once the posting is closed on oct 2nd ,  2013 .   attention international students  if you are currently studying in the united states on an f - 1 or j - 1 visa and do not have a social security number ,  please contact our office at 407 - 828 - 1736 prior to applying .   additional materials  a current transcript is required as part of your application .  please upload a copy of your transcript to your dashboard at the time of application .  to do so ,  please follow these steps     log into your dashboard at disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled   edit profile info      click on the “attachments” tab    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_transcript    select a document type of   other    internship program type  professional internship     
 the boeing company is looking for construction management ,  project management ,  electrical engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  industrial engineering and facilities management students interested in working for the midwest / east region site services organization .  the midwest / east region site services organization has an average of $50m in design and construction projects during a normal calendar year .  college interns will be involved in many different types of projects and activities at the respective sites where they will be located .  college interns from multiple midwest / east sites and functions will be aligned in virtual teams to work collaboratively on concurrent improvement projects .  as part of the intern experience ,  each student will be paired with a boeing subject matter expert  ( mentor )  in order to provide familiarity with regional services ,  processes and other personnel .       competencies   - knowledge  has substantial and thorough understanding of the job .   - problem solving  solves routine problems of limited scope and complexity by following established practices and procedures .   - discretion  receives general supervision with basic instructions for routine work and detailed instructions for new lines of work or special assignments .  performs routine or standardized work ,  choosing from a variety of well - established options .  work is reviewed for soundness and overall adequacy and accuracy .   - impact  errors may cause moderate loss of time or customer / user is satisfaction .   - contact  interacts primarily with organization personnel and customers to obtain or provide information requiring some explanation or interpretation .   basic qualifications for consideration  do you have education / training and / or work experience using microsoft office products  ( i . e .  word ,  excel ,  project ,  and / or powerpoint )  ?   are you currently enrolled in a college or university ?   are you willing to work at any of the work sites listed on this requisition ?          clearly state your cumulative gpa and month / year of graduation on your resume .      
 zappos . com ,  inc .  is looking for a non - trade purchasing college intern !   why join us ?  our unique culture has made zappos . com ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries one of fortune’s 100 best companies to work for five years straight .  find out why  http  /  / money . cnn . com .  .  .   why else .  .  .  .   want more ?  summer interns may qualify for corporate housing assistance ,  free food and drinks on our campus ,  social events throughout the internship ,  and a 40 percent off discount on zappos . com !   if you are interested ,  please go to internships . zappos . com and apply directly to the position there !   who are we ?   non - inventory purchasing is an essential part of zappos finance .  without us ,  no one would be able to buy anything ,  and none of our bills would get paid .  no ,  for real ,  we support the drive for spend optimization and we create efficiencies in established processes like it ain t no thang .  we also dress up as pioneers and make forts out of the couches in the break room ,  but that s not important right now .   we work very closely with financial planning and analysis ,  the sweethearts in accounts payable ,  that money - loving cohort in treasury ,  and our tough - as - nails legal department .  we interact with 78 percent of the other cost centers in zappos like every single day .  or maybe we don t ,  maybe it is only 77percent .  only one way to find out  go ahead and apply .   what will you do ?   this person will focus on process improvements  updating documentation and supporting the drive for spend optimization and efficiency creation .  even though this is an internship position ,  you will be challenged to grow professionally by mastering quantitative analysis and documentation skills with the guidance of members of the purchasing team .  you will become a subject matter expert in your assigned functional areas .  you will first use your prowess to assist with tasks and develop documentation ,  and then the experience will culminate with you providing actionable ,  insightful analysis .   the cliffsnotes      assist with the full range of supply chain activities ,  starting at the vetting process   assist with vendor maintenance and set up   excel wizardry a must   wiki updates ,  and updating current process documentation   price comparison   contract finalization   entering po requests   expense report assistance   enhance team and culture   be results and team oriented and foster that culture with others   live the zappos values daily and wow coworkers ,  supervisors ,  external contacts ,  etc .  with a focus on doing more with less   build positive working relationships with internal customers   assist with the qa of new reporting and purchasing tools  are you a match ?     finance ,  accounting ,  economics ,  or related major preferred ,  or if you just have a strong passion and knowledge of accounting / finance ,  we are okay with that too !    exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a customer service orientation   organized ,  detail oriented ,  and ability to multitask   understanding of microsoft office suite ,  particularly outlook ,  and especially excel   normal working business hours are monday through friday 8 30 a . m .  to 5 30 p . m .    must be willing to relocate to las vegas ,  nv for the summer of 2014  ( did we mention we have some sweet housing lined up ?  !  )   team fun fact   our team won a contest for the most original christmas tree .  we inverted it and suspended it from the ceiling .   so if you are interesting ,  and interested ,  please apply directly on internships . zappos . com .  don t apply on here because we will just direct you to internships . zappos . com .   zappos . com ,  inc .  is an equal opportunity employer and drug - free workplace .      
 are you looking to join a fast paced ,  dynamic team where you can put your interpersonal skills to use while solving technical problems ?   intuit is looking for customer - focused service desk analyst in their san francisco office .   if you love working in a culture of lean experimentation and rapid iteration ,  we ve got a challenge for you !   the role of the service desk analyst is to help employees with all facets of the corporate computing environment .  the service desk analyst must combine an understanding of macintosh & windows with firsthand experience .  excellent communication and interpersonal skills combined with technical skills are essential to providing a “white - glove” level of support to the employee community .   responsibilities  ability to troubleshoot software ,  hardware and connectivity issues remotely ability to understand & articulate root cause on customer issues experience with installation ,  upgrade ,  and maintenance of software ,  hardware ,  and peripherals familiarity with encryption and security tools and triaging within this environment assist customers in gaining access to various systems and servers provide support for remote employees using citrix environments ,  vdi machines ,  and avaya / cisco telephony setup and maintain shared mailboxes / distribution lists in exchange distribute and patch software using casper and landesk technologies communicate call trends and challenges in daily team meetings the ability to take on small projects from start to finish keep knowledge base and process documentation up - to - date .  work closely with the team to resolve or properly close aging tickets .  manage the individual and ticket queue for the team ensure the highest level of customer satisfaction .   qualifications    required  experience in desktop support for both pc and mac ,  is technician ,  it support   knowledge of database software and microsoft office applications   minimum of an associate s degree in a computer technology or equivalent from two - year college or technical school   previous experience with microsoft word ,  excel ,  powerpoint and outlook software is preferred   strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to communicate with technical and non - technical users effectively   self - starter   passionate about providing excellent customer service and follow - through to completion   ability to communicate technical issues in non - technical terms   good problem solving ,  diagnosis and troubleshooting skills   ability to work independently and within a team   ability to work with cross - functional teams  imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel big innovation .   year - over - year ,  intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is consistently ranked on fortune’s “100 best companies to work for” and fortune world’s “most admired software companies” lists .  immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide .   intuit is expanding its social ,  mobile ,  and global footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry .   utilizing design for delight and lean startup methodologies ,  our entrepreneurial employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market – from quickbooks® ,  quicken® ,  and turbotax® ,  to gopayment ,  mint . com ,  big data ,  cloud  ( saas ,  paas )  and mobile apps .   the breadth and depth of these customer - driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at intuit .   job service desk  primary location united states of america - california - san francisco  schedule full - time     
 junior analyst / developer role in the c&c trade processing ny team  responsibilities include  • regulatory reform  -  implement solutions required for various reporting requirements ,  including dodd - frank regulatory projects .  • daily support of omni trade flow .  identify and resolve system issues encountered in the trade flow .  • coordinate with other technology teams to define and deliver solutions required by the business for straight trade processing  ( stp )  .   basic qualifications • 1 years of software development experience • expertise in c / c++ / java ,  unix / linux • competency in oo design and development • strong working knowledge of rdbms design concepts and skills and sql • exceptional analytical skills and debugging skills • excellent verbal and written communication skills • self - motivated and driven .  capable of quickly learning and adapting to a dynamic working environment • strong team player     
 operations is currently working on a number of next generation tools .  one of them is smart replenishment .  this would be the first tool for dotcom that is fully automated ,  seeking to define eoq  ( economic order quantity )  and focus on getting right inventory to the right store at the right time .  we are seeking a summer intern who will be working on optimization logic of the smart replenishment and helping us further refine eoq .  the project also has a number of cross functional colloaboration opportunity with merchandising ,  planning ,  operations ,  and at labs .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  • must be currently pursuing an mba with a focus on supply chain management ,  operations research or related fields • must be proficient in excel ,  sql ,  powerpoint and vba • ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic ,  fluid environment • eagerness to change the world in a huge way by being a self - motivated learner and builder • must be solution and team oriented with the ability to build trust and influence others         apply     
 reference code  13042491 location  new york ,  ny ,  usa education level  bachelor s degree description  the citi asset and securitization tracker  ( caast )  team ,  which supports the commercial mortgage finance space ,  has an immediate opening for a technology professional with a proven track record of using the  . net 4 . 0 framework as well as other technologies within microsoft technology stack .  the ideal candidate will have the ability to work in an agile manner ,  collaborating with team members as well as working closely with our stake holders in order to ensure software quality ,  utilizing best practices and approaches .   preferred experience in the following  ( but not required )      strong object oriented analysis and design   design patterns and practices   windows communication foundation  ( wcf )    sql server 2008  the ideal candidate should be able to demonstrate a strong level of commitment for continuous learning of current and emerging technologies .  he / she should possess the ability to identify technology issues ,  solutions ,  prioritize ,  structure and work with the team in order to realize and fulfill the technology vision of the caast team .   qualifications  ideal candidate will have a bachelor s degree with 3 - 5 years experience .  background in object oriented development and databases is strongly preferred .  background in  . net technologies and sql server is a plus but not mandatory .   job id  13042491     
 the various jobs listings that you see posted under the temporary pool category are general categories and may not be actual positions we are recruiting for at the time you apply .  however ,  we will keep your application on file and contact you if we believe your skills and experiences are a match for a position we are trying to fill .  for more information ,  refer to   become a temp   link on the left .   temp salaries generally start at $10 . 65 per hour for this type of position .   perform miscellaneous service and minor repairs in a variety of trades areas such as carpentry ,  electrical ,  painting ,  plumbing ,  heating and air conditioning ,  etc .  work is routine and manual ,  such as replacing broken window panes ,  adjusting tight doors ,  unstopping plumbing ,  cleaning and lubricating equipment ,  replacing and cleaning filters ,  adjusting valves ,  repairing faucets and light fixtures ,  moving furniture ,  etc .  applicants should be physically capable of performing the essential functions of the position and able to follow written and oral instructions .       the university of virginia may require criminal history background check as a condition of employment .    university human resources strives to identify applicants who will contribute as high potential employees ,  leaders and managers .  we employ individuals who foster and promote the university mission and purpose .  successful candidates exemplify uncommon integrity  they are honest ,  trusted ,  team - oriented and live the core values of the university .  these candidates display great judgment ,  by practicing evidence - based decision - making .  they are strategically focused by contributing to and achieving department goals and vision .  they set high performance standards and hold themselves accountable by aggressively executing these standards .  these employees also develop a deep passion for the university and the impact it has on students ,  faculty ,  alumni and community .  successful candidates identify their personal career goals and development opportunities ,  and as supervisors ,  help their staff do the same .  they contribute to team success by leading talent ,  through their individual efforts and by leading and developing their teams .      
 who we are  jumptap ,  inc .  is the leading unified audience platform ,  taking a programmatic and mobile - first approach to reaching audiences across screens .  jumptap reaches over 218 million mobile users in the u . s .  and over 439 million mobile users worldwide .  it has built an audience profile store with over 100 million unique ,  data - rich profiles ,  of which over 44 million can be reached across screens .  jumptap powers its audience - centric advertising through industry - first partnerships with more than 20 third - party data providers ,  and garners the highest yield for its 74 , 000 mobile sites and apps .  founded in 2005 ,  jumptap is headquartered in boston ,  massachusetts ,  and has offices in new york ,  los angeles ,  and chicago .  summary  the trading desk coordinator will be responsible assisting in the optimization of supply and demand for thousands of advertisers and publishers across jumptap’s advertising business .  you’ll analyze and monitor revenue performance and pacing ,  line up publisher inventory to satisfy advertiser demand ,  and drive strategies for new revenue opportunities .  you’ll play a pivotal role growing a significant and rapidly expanding segment of our business .  and ,  you ll be at the controls of our analytics tools ,      
 electronic trading installations representative job requisition number 37946 united states new york  -  usa the role  bloomberg electronic trading installations is seeking a representative based in our 731 lexington  -  new york office to provide project management & technical guidance for bloomberg  s electronic trading offerings ,  which include  order routing ,  emsxnet ,  sseoms ,  aim ,  toms ,  tradebook ,  fixed income trading ,  and fx .  we are seeking an individual who is project oriented ,  analytical ,  hardworking ,  determined ,  self - motivated ,  personable and confident .  multi - tasking and exceptional customer service is imperative to success ,  as this role will liaise with clients  ( internal and external )  ,  business ,  r&d ,  and third party vendors .  the ideal candidate will understand how to work within a team environment ,  lead by example ,  and take pride in the team  s day - to - day workflow .  knowledge of fix protocol ,  unix commands ,  technical troubleshooting ,  tcp / ip connectivity ,  and a business understanding of any of the various bloomberg electronic trading offerings are advantageous .  qualifications   -  minimum 3 years   experience in a customer support environment  -  exceptional customer service and strong verbal and written communication skills  -  demonstrated project management and troubleshooting skills  -  ability to work in a fast - paced environment where continuous innovation is required  -  creative problem solver  -  accustomed to   open door   office setting the company  bloomberg ,  the global business and financial information and news leader ,  gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information ,  people and ideas .  the company  s strength -  delivering data ,  news and analytics through innovative technology ,  quickly and accurately -  is at the core of the bloomberg professional service ,  which provides real time financial information to more than 300 , 000 subscribers globally .  bloomberg  s enterprise solutions build on the company  s core strength ,  leveraging technology to allow customers to access ,  integrate ,  distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively .  through bloomberg law ,  bloomberg government and bloomberg new energy finance ,  the company provides data ,  news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance .  and bloomberg news ,  delivered through the bloomberg professional service ,  television ,  radio ,  mobile ,  the internet and two magazines ,  bloomberg businessweek and bloomberg markets ,  covers the world with more than 2 , 300 news and multimedia professionals at 146 bureaus in 72 countries .  headquartered in new york ,  bloomberg employs more than 13 , 000 people in 185 locations around the world .  legal terms  applicants i agree that my submission of this employment application does not obligate the company  ( bloomberg l . p .  ,  its subsidiaries ,  divisions and any affiliated entities ,  collectively   the company   )  to employ me ,  or to offer me employment .  i agree that if i am hired for a position in the united states of america ,  i will be employed on an at - will basis ,  which means that   ( a )  my employment and compensation are not guaranteed for any definite period ,  and can be terminated ,  with or without cause ,  and with or without notice ,  by either the company or myself ,  and  ( b )  there is no written or oral agreement or representation that can alter my at - will status except an individual written agreement signed by the chief executive officer of bloomberg .  i agree that the information on this application  ( and accompanying documents ,  if any )  is true and complete to the best of my knowledge .  i am responsible for ensuring that the information i submit is accurate and up - to - date .  i may review or update my personal information at any time using this site or by entering a request via careers -  feedback  .  i also agree that any misstatement ,  false information ,  or omission deemed significant by bloomberg may disqualify me from consideration ,  and / or may be reason for discharge if discovered after an offer of employment has been extended to me .  i agree that i am not party to any agreement ,  or subject to any legal obligation ,  that would in any way restrict me ,  or interfere with me from fully performing the requirements of the job for which i am applying ,  and that i must disclose to the company any such agreement or obligation before the company considers my application .  i understand that if i am selected to proceed with the application process ,  i may be given or obtain access to non - public information that the company considers to be of a confidential ,  proprietary ,  or trade secret nature  (   confidential information   )  .  i agree that i will not directly or indirectly disclose the confidential information to any third party ,  and that i will not use the confidential information for my own benefit or for the benefit of any third party .  in addition ,  i agree that if i am offered employment at bloomberg ,  that such offer ,  and continued employment ,  is contingent on the results of a reference check and background investigation .  i understand that the company is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action employer ,  and that the application process will be conducted in accord with applicable eeo / affirmative action requirements where the relevant position is located .  i understand and agree that bloomberg may use any personal information submitted in my application for the purpose of considering my suitability for employment ,  as well as for general statistical analysis and reporting purposes ,  including candidate activity and demographic reports .  bloomberg will process my information in compliance with applicable laws on privacy and data protection .  i agree that if bloomberg does not employ me at this time ,  bloomberg may retain and use the information that it obtains as part of the application process to consider my application later if a suitable position becomes available and ,  if appropriate ,  to refer back to this application if i apply again .  if at any time i no longer want bloomberg to consider my application for employment ,  i understand i must enter a request via careers -  feedback ,  in which case the information will be stored securely for no more than one year from the date of notification ,  and access to it will only be made to the extent necessary for legal and regulatory purposes .  i understand that bloomberg is a global company and that it will process my information on its servers in the united states of america .  bloomberg is committed to compliance with its privacy obligations and for that reason will apply the safe harbor privacy policy ,  to the extent applicable ,  when processing my information on its us servers .  i further agree that if i am applying for a position outside the eea and us ,  bloomberg may also process my information on its servers in the country in which the relevant position is located and comply with the privacy legislation in that country .  i understand my information may be disclosed to law enforcement ,  regulatory or other government agencies ,  or third parties where required and where necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests .  by continuing with this application ,  i voluntarily consent to the above terms ,  and recognize that my agreement to these terms is legally binding and enforceable to the same extent as if i had signed my name .  by clicking the   apply now   button below you agree to the terms of the above legal statement .      
 reference code  13041250 location  jersey city ,  nj ,  usa education level  bachelor s degree description  we are seeking a junior support professional for the global settlements production support within citi markets operation technology  ( cmot )  organization .  the team manages the day - to - day availability of multiple key applications for clearing and settlements used by operations clearing business and ensures issues or status updates are accurately communicated to business users .   the successful candidate will be working closely with their colleagues globally to ensure seamless 24x7 support of our applications .  in addition ,  this person will work closely with level 2 support ,  development teams and the operations business including operations ,  product control ,  broadridge ,  clearing corps ,  banks and middle office .  the ideal candidate should be technically astute ,  well organized ,  proactive and be comfortable discussing issues with business and technical users at all levels .  he  /  she also need to possess good multi - tasking skills .  the support team works shifts through its team members located in chennai ,  toronto ,  tampa and the global level 1 support group in chennai .  it is anticipated that this role will involve a lot of hands - on work – so technical skills are essential .   the support team works shifts during the day in order for the team to provide on - site coverage 24x 5 . 5 .  this allows the support team to cover both our nam users and the overnight batch .  the candidate must be willing to participate in the work shift rotation and also the weekend support rotation .   functional responsibilities     this role is to provide hands - on technical support ,  answer queries via phone ,  e - mail and in person .     follow thru to ensure each problem is resolved according to sla    effectively communicate issues and status updates with business users ,  senior management ,  and development teams    create and maintain a knowledge base to ensure that knowledge transfer takes place within the team    liaise with users  business sponsors  and other groups – both internal and external of citi    work closely with development teams ,  and the operations business to determine strategy & priorities and to ensure team is meeting the business’ requirements .  ensure team delivers on these priorities and communicated progress effectively to all stakeholders    take ownership of user problems and be proactive when dealing with user issues    perform appropriate problem solving tasks before passing to another team with prior - agreed format ,  logs ,  etc    when dealing with major incidents ,  the specialist is expected to make key recommendations based on his  /  her knowledge of the systems and the business    take part in the change control process to ensure any releases into the production systems are carefully tested and reviewed  handover documentations are adequate and verified  qualifications  other responsibilities     drive the cross - training within global settlements support team to ensure the team as a whole can deal with any issues related to any applications under support    build a knowledge base for the global settlements support team and have an opportunity to grow into subject matter expertise  ( sme )  role  application support experience     1 - 2 years of experience working in a production support environment    understanding of problem management methodologies    bachelors in computer science or information technology sql  /  oracle  /  unix    some experience with sql ,  oracle and unix experience with java ,  ejb ,  spring ,  linux / unix ,  oracle 11g ,  weblogic 11g ,  jms in financial industry    familiarity with technologies like tibco ,  mq ,  quartz ,  autosys 11 & talend    ability to review and write simple shell scripts  personal     ability to learn quickly with little supervision is critical    ability to communicate well at all levels    strong organizational skills    self - motivating    ability to work in a team environment    basic understanding of hardware setup and configuration    ability to work with standard pc and software without difficulties    willingness to work odd hours    some knowledge about financial services industry ,  especially understand about the life cycle of a trade ,  is advantageous  job id  13041250     
 for students who who live and breathe hardware ,  programming ,  and networking .  about allston headquartered in chicago ,  illinois ,  allston trading llc is a premier principal trading firm that trades over multiple exchanges worldwide in a variety of product classes .  we sit at the intersection of financial strategy and high - technology  this requires us to hire the best and brightest and give them the tools and freedom they need to be successful .  our vision is to become the industry leader by creating an environment where innovative and collaborative people thrive .  summary interns will work closely with a member of the infrastructure development team to apply and enhance their analysis ,  design ,  and programming skills .  interns may be assigned to projects in the following areas  trading system infrastructure ,  web tools development ,  or decision support systems .  the best candidates possess a passion for technology and innovation .  qualifications • pursuing bachelor’s in computer science • strong analytical and problem solving skills • experience designing multi - threaded applications preferred • a passion for technology and innovation • excellent communication skills • confident team player motivated by fast - paced environment benefits • paid housing and travel • catered breakfast and lunch • weekly massages • frequent company outings     
 uniqlo is seeking experienced store manager candidates !  at uniqlo we are seeking individuals who are committed to becoming business leaders in the retail industry .   if you possess an entrepreneurial spirit and have strong analytical abilities ,  you could be our next success story !  our ambition is to open 10  -  20 stores annually in the united states and become the #1 specialty apparel retailer .   with over 1 , 200 stores globally ,  together we believe we can change the world !    our innovative training guides you in learning the core skills for success ,  such as  monitoring and developing work schedulesassessing effective visual merchandise layouts and complying with merchandising requirementsmanaging inventory levels and proposing solutions that best benefit the companysupervising ,  motivating and developing a team to ensure retention & meet sales goalssuccessfully delivering uniqlo’s fundamental principles of customer serviceat uniqlo we offer career advancement and salary increases to hardworking ,  committed individuals who consistently generate results .  all of our employees ,  including newly hired part - time staff members ,  have the potential to take on greater responsibility and rise within our organization .    our top candidates will bring the following qualifications  bachelor’s degree2 – 7 years retail management and leadership experienceflexibility with work schedule according to business needs  ( including nights ,  weekends ,  and holidays ) flexibility to relocate to various locations during a 12 - month period  ( paid relocation benefits provided ) proven track record of increasing salesstrong analytical and math skillsexcellent interpersonal and communication skillsstrong leadership and work ethicability to adapt in a fast - changing environment that requires a high degree of multi - taskingpassion for customer service and driving innovative processesdetail oriented with an innate understanding of visual standardsbenefits include medical and dental health insurance ,  a 401k plan ,  competitive paid time off  ( pto )  and a generous merchandise discount .  all managers are eligible for a bi - annual performance based bonus .  for consideration please apply through our website  https  /  / careers - uniqlo . icims . com .  .  .      
 top tier investment firm looking for solid candidate to handle a settlements analyst  ( 2013 graduate with internships )  role .  qualifications  2013 graduate with financial services operations internships finance  /  accounting degree preferred experience handling settlements of trades ,  fail reporting ,  daily funding ,  etc .  salary range  $40 , 000  -  $42 , 000 base + overtime     
 joining bozzuto as a sales & marketing associate is the first step toward a leadership role with the company .  you will gain invaluable business ,  sales and customer relationship building experience and the opportunity to thrive and grow in the real estate and hospitality industries .   take a tour of your responsibilities  • generate new leases • conduct tours of the apartment community  help prospective residents find a great new place to call home by showcasing the community • work with the management team to initiate creative strategies to build positive buzz about the apartment community  partner with nearby businesses ,  attend local events ,  and make connections / contacts in the neighborhood .  • develop social media initiatives to connect and engage residents  post announcements ,  photos ,  updates ,  and event information .  • deliver timely and remarkable customer service to community residents .  • play a key role in resolving resident concerns and issues .   you offer us  • a ba / bs degree • availability to work some weekends while enjoying 2 days off each week !  !  .   ( 10a - 5p on saturday and 12p - 5p on sunday )  • great sales and customer service experience .  • microsoft office and social media platform experience .   we offer you  • a base salary plus monthly leasing bonuses • great employee benefits •   live where you work   rent discount at most communities • professional development with excellent on - the - job and classroom training • a tangible career path that is performance based  interested candidates must apply at www . bozzutocareers . com  bozzuto s mission is to create the best possible living environment for our customers and to do so in a way that creates community and respects the world in which we live .  from the very beginning ,  our success has been built around our four core values   1 .  concern  -  for the communities we touch .  2 .  creativity  -  in everything we do .  3 .  passion  -  in our approach to business .  4 .  perfection  -  as a goal worth pursuing .  supporting these values is a set of beliefs or practices that guide us in how we do business and conduct ourselves on a daily basis .   we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer eoe / aa / m / f / d / v            bozzuto s mission is to create the best possible living environment for our customers and to do so in a way that creates community and respects the world in which we live .  from the very beginning ,  our success has been built around our four core values   1 .  concern  -  for the communities we touch .  2 .  creativity  -  in everything we do .  3 .  passion  -  in our approach to business .  4 .  perfection  -  as a goal worth pursuing .  supporting these values is a set of beliefs or practices that guide us in how we do business and conduct ourselves on a daily basis .   we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer eoe / aa / m / f / d / v     
temporary position for students pursuing an engineering bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university .  full - time temporary position that has responsibilities consistent with the student’s academic training .  co - ops participate in a structured program coordinated through his / her school where the objectives and the duration of the assignment are defined .   basic qualifications     must be a student currently pursuing an engineering bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university .   contact  les davis 218 - 285 - 5127  flsa status non - exempt   boise inc .  is an equal opportunity employer    
 join a young ,  entrepreneurial team !  americans are sitting on $33b worth of old cell phones .  we make it simple for individuals to sell these old devices .  this is done through our consumer facing website  ( www . gonuvida . com )  and wholesaling division  ( www . digidepotllc . com )  .  company overview  we’ve been in the electronic buyback space for the past 3 years .  the company operates out of north county san diego .  our main focus is sourcing smartphones and tablets domestically ,  and selling them to developing markets internationally .  as a young team ,  we maintain a strong entrepreneurial ,  fast - paced environment in which everyone has the opportunity to contribute .  we’re driven to work hard ,  but definitely open to having some fun !  this is a great opportunity for someone looking to grow and learn with a young ,  expanding company !  summary of position this individual will focus on both wholesale and online retail operations .  on the wholesale side ,  they will check in a high volume of shipments that come in from current vendors .  regarding retail ,  they will aid in the operations of our amazon and ebay stores .  requirements  • great attention to detail • excellent verbal and written communication skills • smart ,  enthusiastic ,  and creative • knowledge of smartphones and tablets is a plus • a degree from a four year university job description  wholesale • checking in 250+ devices every week • communicate issues with orders to management • unlocking devices and checking imeis / esns retail • using automated order systems to sync with ebay and amazon platforms • packing 50+ orders daily • dropping packages off at usps • using ebay and amazon templates to list items • weekly inventory checks for amazon and ebay     
 the position will involve but not be limited to the following duties  currently enrolled in a higher education program with an emphasis in training / development ,  business or other related field .  excellent communication and organization skills essential proficient in all microsoft software applications able to work independently good customer relations and communication skills – both written and verbal are essential .  must be detail oriented must have a clean driving record for insurability     
 the incumbent in this position is an entry - level staff therapist who participates in the evaluation and treatment of patients based upon current principles and practices of pt .  these functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and georgetown university hospital s philosophy ,  policies ,  procedures and standards .  required education / training  graduate from accredited school of physical therapy .  current dc license or qualified candidate for dc license as a physical therapist .  upon hire ,  must have a dc license or be eligible for a reciprocity license ,  or have made application to sit for the board examination .  required experience  entry - level  minimum 0 years ,  basic education as defined in education requirements .  demonstrates baseline knowledge of relevant pt practice and flexibility .  emotionally mature .  can objectively analyze situations ,  identify and problem solve .  listen effectively and present self orally and in writing .  career ,  employment ,  jobs ,  opening ,  shift ,  schedule ,  staff ,  department ,  unit ,  office ,  occupation ,  compensation ,  salary ,  benefits ,  description ,  days ,  evenings ,  nights ,  weekends ,  full time ,  part time ,  prn ,  per diem ,  hospital ,  health care ,  clinic ,  healthcare ,  physician ,  medical ,  clinical ,  physical therapist ,  physical therapy ,  pt ,  rehab ,  rehabilitation ,  recovery ,  apta ,  american physical therapy association ,  physical therapy assistant ,  pta ,  physical therapy aide     
 the incumbent is responsible for the development ,  implementation ,  and maintenance of information systems for quality department .  these activities include providing ongoing administration and maintenance of the company’s systems for quality performance metrics and associated product technical files .    basic qualifications      
 regardless of college major or professional experience ,  nearly 100% of our full - time employees start out in our management training program .  this allows everyone to learn our business from the ground up and understand how they play a significant role in seeing it succeed .   once you ve completed your initial orientation and training ,  you ll be assigned to a branch office in your home area and the hands - on training begins .  you ll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes .  nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as management trainees .   during your first year ,  you will actively participate in everything from sales and marketing and customer service to operations and finance .  as you progress ,  you will be tested and evaluated to determine your proficiency in these areas .  successful completion of these tests and evaluations will result in rewards ,  pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions .   as you progress ,  increasingly more opportunities will become available to you .  you can choose ,  as most people do ,  to continue your rewarding ascent within our rental operations managerial track or you can explore one of many other exciting options including fleet management ,  human resources ,  car sales ,  accounting ,  marketing and more .    as a management trainee ,  you are empowered to make business decisions that greatly affect your career as well as the bottom line .  you ll gain responsibility for developing new business and maintaining current relationships .  you ll be responsible for understanding cost control ,  reading your branch s p&l statement and understanding what it takes to run a profitable business .  you will also learn how to deliver superior customer service .  we will teach you how to effectively communicate ,  influence and interact with all types of customers ,  vendors and co - workers .  you ll learn proper sales techniques to problem solving and conflict management .  those skills will provide you with the opportunity to market to local business partners and build solid ,  long - lasting relationships with key business decision - makers .  in your development to become a successful manager at enterprise ,  you ll learn how to mentor ,  train ,  develop ,  manage and promote a staff of your own .      bachelor s degree required .    previous experience in sales ,  customer service ,  or management preferred .    must have a valid driver s license with no more than 2 moving violations on driving record in the last 3 years   no drug or alcohol convictions on driving record within the past 5 years .    must be at least 18 years old .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 job descriptions  support sales assistant with finishing the sales reporting task .  other projects in sales controlling area as needed .  required experience  finance ,  controlling or accounting interests and / or background above average working knowledge of excel  ( data base applications )  excellent communication skills r attention to detail .  keyword  intern from  festo corporation     
 start at $2400  /  month guaranteed !  midwest fire & security .  now hiring in the lincoln area .   ( full & part time positions available )  no experience necessary .  will train the right people .  management positions available upon completion of training program .  call mon  -  fri ,  10am - 5pm only for interview appointment .  call  ( 402 )  802 - 9896 .  new office open in lincoln .  call to schedule an interview in lincoln office .  open positions include  marketing director recruiter /  ? trainer sales manager team leader safety advisors minimum requirements  must be at least 18 years old ,  either from ne originally or have lived in the state for at least 1 year ,  have reliable transportation and valid driver’s license .  ?  to apply  you must call for an interview appointment .  ?  mon  -  fri ,  10 am  -  5 pm only !  call  ( 402 )  802 - 9896 .  ?      
 provides radio frequency  ( rf )  and / or radio access network  ( ran )  design .  designs ,  plans and oversees installation ,  maintenance and optimization of wireless radio access network communications systems ,  including radio propagation modeling and prediction ,  microwave path analysis ,  interference analysis ,  frequency coordination ,  cell site equipment layout ,  parameter definition and ancillary equipment .  analyzes ran data to recommend optimal changes to ran network to improve all the key indexes and performance indicators .   nature of contribution -  technical professional with limited experience .   primarily completes standard work .   knowledge  -  has basic working knowledge of technical principles and methods within own discipline  /  specialty area .   integrates basic principles of discipline with processes and procedures to complete own job .   grows current knowledge of at&t technologies ,  systems .   analysis and problem solving  -  solves non - routine problems by applying limited judgment to select appropriate standard procedures .    articulates and refines identified issues within own area .   analyzes a variety of factors within applicable standards and procedures to develop solution .   reviews structured technical problems and independently selects appropriate methods .   independence  -  follows established policies and procedures  plans work priorities with guidance from superiors .   works on assignments of limited scope and limited discretion applied in establishing deadlines and approaches for completing own assignments .   contribution to at&t technology  -  carries out standard work to achieve deadlines .   contributes to maintaining current technologies and / or supports teams in emerging technologies .   communication -  exchanges routine technical information in effective and timely manner .   actively engages with others to understand issues and gather necessary information .   presents materials / thoughts effectively one - on - one .   additional responsibilities  this position may be responsible for contributing to at&t s compliance with environmental laws and regulations as applicable to its job function .   this may include ,  but is not limited to ,  work related to fuel tanks ,  emergency and stand - by generators ,  boilers ,  hazardous waste ,  hazardous materials ,  batteries ,  manholes and vaults ,  water wells ,  linear and other construction projects ,  water discharge ,  or air emissions .   qualifications  required qualifications    bachelor s degree in engineering ,  math or sciences or equivalent related technical experience .    0 - 1 years of progressive successful development as an engineer .    ability to analyze moderately complete data and complex issues .    demonstrated interest in wireless / telecommunications through internships or activities or classes taken   leadership ability  job  -  it / engineering / technology  primary location  -  illinois - springfield  schedule  -  full - time  shift  -  day job  employee status  -  regular  job posting   aug 22 ,  2013 ,  7 56 11 am  -   unposting date   sep 21 ,  2013 ,  8 59 59 pm  job level  -  associate / first level manager     
 the advanced technology programs  ( atp )  business area is seeking an entry level electrical / electronic engineer in the areas of high - speed digital ,  analog and optical communications systems .  responsibilities include support to design ,  testing ,  analyzing & troubleshooting of digital ,  analog or optical communication circuits ,  and microcircuits ,  application specific integrated circuit  ( asic )  ,  or field programmable gate array  ( fpga )  devices .  identify parts ,  verify circuit performance ,  document and resolve both test anomalies and nonperforming hardware and then take the corresponding corrective ,  preventative and impact - mitigating actions to bring the issues to closure .  support the preparation of analysis and engineering gate review packages .  the successful candidate will support design validation through various methods of review ,  testing and analysis  support supplier management with make / buy recommendations and other technical services of limited scope  provide engineering support throughout the lifecycle of the product  investigate emerging technologies to develop concepts for future product designs to meet projected requirements .  these tasks will be performed under the guidance of senior engineers .  occasional travel to boeing ,  subcontractor ,  and / or customer facilities may be required .   this position is contingent on contract award .   must possess good oral and written communication skills and work well in a team environment .  leadership / project management experience is a plus .  academic or prior work experience should include one or more of the following areas  communication theory and systems ,  digital or analog circuit design and theory ,  power supply ,  magnetic components ,  and fpga / vhdl design and theory ,  microcircuit / asic / fpga design and theory ,  waveform design ,  optical communications or antenna theory ,  hardware and systems test .  must be eligible for top secret  ( ts )  / ssbi security clearance .  active ts / ssbi preferred .       general  • collaboration makes an effort to work effectively and cooperatively with fellow work group members  establishes and maintains productive working relationships by involving other work group members as appropriate and thanking them for their assistance .  places higher priority on work group goals rather than on own goals  offers to help other employees when they need assistance .   • managing work has a general sense of more critical and less critical activities and tasks within own work group  adjusts priorities when appropriate .  tries to ensure that required equipment and / or materials are in appropriate locations so that own and others  work can be done effectively .  allocates own time to complete work  tries to coordinate own and others  schedules to avoid conflicts .  has a general understanding of available resources  ( individuals ,  processes ,  departments ,  and tools )  to complete work efficiently .  generally uses time effectively and usually prevents irrelevant issues or distractions from interfering with work completion .   • project management not available  technical  • analog circuit design basic  -  basic knowledge of and ability to assist with analog circuit design principles  ( e . g .  ,  frequency ,  voltage ,  thermal ,  bandwidth ,  mismatch )  to design ,  simulate and layout circuit boards .  preferred  - general knowledge of and limited ability to develop analog circuit design principles  ( e . g .  ,  frequency ,  voltage ,  thermal ,  bandwidth ,  mismatch )  to design ,  simulate and layout circuit boards .   • circuit design tools basic  -  basic knowledge of circuit design tools  ( e . g .  ,  spice ,  mentor graphics ,  hardware description language  [ hdl ]  )  .  preferred  - general knowledge of circuit design tools  ( e . g .  ,  spice ,  mentor graphics ,  hardware description language  [ hdl ]  )  .   • digital circuit design basic  -  basic knowledge of digital circuit design parameters  ( e . g .  ,  throughput ,  rise time ,  clock frequencies ,  propagation delay )  and hardware description languages  ( e . g .  ,  hardware description language  [ hdl ]  ,  verilog )  .  knowledge of computer hardware and software components  ( e . g .  ,  processors ,  memory ,  interfaces ,  high order languages )  ,  and characteristics  ( e . g .  ,  throughput ,  processing architecture ,  timing ,  capacity )  .  preferred  - general knowledge of digital circuit design parameters  ( e . g .  ,  throughput ,  rise time ,  clock frequencies ,  propagation delay )  and hardware description languages  ( e . g .  ,  hardware description language  [ hdl ]  ,  verilog )  .  knowledge of computer hardware and software components  ( e . g .  ,  processors ,  memory ,  interfaces ,  high order languages )  ,  and characteristics  ( e . g .  ,  throughput ,  processing architecture ,  timing ,  capacity )  .   • digital microcircuit design basic  -  basic knowledge of and ability to assist with digital microcircuit design principles ,  parameters  ( e . g .  ,  static timing ,  clock skew ,  throughput ,  rise time ,  clock frequencies ,  propagation delay ,  signal integrity )  and hardware description languages  ( e . g .  ,  vhdl ,  verilog )  to design ,  simulate ,  synthesize ,  layout and package digital integrated circuits ,  embedded cores  ( e . g .  ,  processor ,  memory ,  phase - locked loop  [ pll ]  ,  serializer / deserializer )  ,  hybrids ,  and multi - chip modules .  preferred  - general knowledge of and limited ability to develop digital microcircuit design principles ,  parameters  ( e . g .  ,  static timing ,  clock skew ,  throughput ,  rise time ,  clock frequencies ,  propagation delay ,  signal integrity )  and hardware description languages  ( e . g .  ,  vhdl ,  verilog )  to design ,  simulate ,  synthesize ,  layout and package digital integrated circuits ,  embedded cores  ( e . g .  ,  processor ,  memory ,  phase - locked loop  [ pll ]  ,  serializer / deserializer )  ,  hybrids ,  and multi - chip modules .   basic qualifications for consideration  do you have academic or prior work experience that includes one or more of the following areas  communication theory and systems ,  digital or analog circuit design and theory ,  power supply ,  magnetic components ,  fpga / vhdl design and theory ,  microcircuit / asic / fpga design and theory ,  waveform design ,  optical communications or antenna theory ?          this position is contingent on contract award .      
 this is a part time position capped at 30 hours per week .  as an entry level position ,  this offers a tremendous opportunity to individuals seeking entrance into an it career working with end user technology and providing all manner of desktop support .  the employee will assist with support of windows pc s ,  mobile devices ,  printers and other peripherals ,  a host of end user software and more .  requirementsprogress toward an it related degree  ( a completed degree is a bonus ,  but not necessary )  .  excellent communication skills ,  verbal and written .   desire to learn ,  strong work ethic and excellent interpersonal skills .      
 standard plumbing and heating is looking for a self motivated entry level truck driver for our hvac service department .  ?  this is a full time position ,  picking up and delivering parts / materials to job sites .  there ? are ? strong possibilities for advancement within the company .      
 phh arval is an award winning ,  business - to - business service organization and one of the world s leading automotive fleet leasing and management companies .  through providing consultative expertise ,  personalized fleet services ,  best - in - class customer service ,  and award - winning internet technology ,  phh helps clients reduce costs and maximize productivity  phh is currently seeking a talented and driven multimedia design intern to assist with internal and external communication projects .  this intern will be working with a variety of communication mediums ,  such as video ,  web ,  and interactive games !   this internship will allow you the opportunity for exposure to different facets of the business through the following  • combine graphic design with animation ,  text ,  sound ,  and video to produce creative and impactful presentations and other marketing materials      if you have proven academic results  ( gpa ,  awards ,  recognition ,  honor societies ,  etc .  )  and are an analytical thinker ,  this could be an ideal opportunity for you !  excellent communication skills  ( written and oral )  ,  strong technology skills and knowledge  a positive attitude ,  and a strong work ethic are musts .  we also look for demonstrated leadership skills and results in an organization ,  scholastic ,  or athletic area     
 bs or ms in computer science or equivalent knowledge of php and php framework familiarity with sonata framework is a big plus experience with front - end web technologies  ( html5 ,  css ,  javascript ,  jquery )  demonstrated success working with cross - functional teams excellent communication skills ,  particularly written communication the ideal candidate would work across platforms including  ( development ,  production )  to define and implement technology strategy as it relates to vedere s evolving site scope of work involves regular site maintenance ,  managing smaller day to day tasks ,  debugging and testing part - time work ,  onsite desired skills  html5 javascript mysql administration php     
 description are you interested in learning more about how a corporate marketing department works ?  communications engineering company  ( cec )  ,  a nationally recognized systems and technology integrator ,  is looking for an energetic ,  motivated ,  hard - working intern who has a desire to work on marketing projects to drive our business .  cec s mission is to provide clients with the ultimate customer experience every day .  the marketing intern will work with cec s marketing manager to juggle multiple projects simultaneously ,  communicate professionally with employees and customers ,  and complete projects that will promote cec s continued growth .  duties cec is looking for a marketing intern for 10 - 15 hours a week to do some of the following projects   photograph customer jobsites and projects .   assist with event coordination and logistics for tradeshows and conferences .   help develop and design marketing materials for print ,  web ,  e - mail ,  and social media .   develop pages for the corporate intranet .   assist in management of customer database .  qualifications preferred candidates have an interest in marketing ,  journalism ,  communications ,  and / or graphic design .  if you have writing ,  graphic design ,  or photography examples ,  please send those as well .  pre - employment drug screen and background check required .  eoe .      
 • bachelor of science  ( or higher )  in computer science or software engineering or related field • graduation date of fall 2014 or later • experience with groovy and grails ,  java ,  javascript ,  css ,  html ,  xml ,  xslt ,  jquery ,  aja • database skills  sql ,  table design  ( erd )  ,  etl ,  db script  /  • experience with application api libraries  ( java )   /  • familiar with object oriented programming • experience with web application  ( apache ,  tomcat )  • experience with code version control  ( cvs ,  svn ,  etc .  )  • unit testing skills • debugging skills • self - motivated and ability to produce positive results • sponsorship not offered for this opportunity  maxim is an eeo / aa employer     
 financial analyst intern – corporate finance internship program - 130036846  at u . s .  bank ,  we re passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work .  the fifth - largest bank in the united states ,  we’re one of the country s most respected ,  innovative and successful financial institutions .  u . s .  bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce .   the u . s .  bank corporate finance internship program is designed to give its participants unprecedented access to executive management and challenge them to immerse themselves in the world of banking at u . s .  bank’s headquarters in minneapolis .   in addition to their daily role in one of u . s .  bank’s business units ,  interns meet weekly with direct reports to the chief executive officer ,  as well as other senior executives ,  and begin the summer with classroom training taught by senior management from throughout the bank .   participants in the 2014 corporate finance internship program will experience the following   ·         weekly lunches with executive management .   past interns enjoyed meeting the chief financial officer ,  vice chairman of corporate banking ,  vice chairman of wealth management ,  vice chairman of wholesale banking ,  vice chairman of commercial real estate ,  vice chairman of community banking & branch delivery ,  executive vice president of human resources ,  treasurer ,  controller ,  and other members of the executive team .   ·         comprehensive training sessions on the banking industry and u . s .  bank business units led by senior management .   ·         competition in a bank valuation case study .   intern teams work with u . s .  bank’s corporate development  ( internal m&a )  group to value a bank and present their valuation to a panel of senior executives ,  including the director of corporate development ,  at summer end .   ·         mentorship from a young leader at the bank to provide guidance on career - related questions and make introductions .   ·         social and professional networking events throughout the summer .   interns with a finance focus are placed in one of u . s .  bank’s many finance - related business units ,  including the following   corporate development ,  corporate treasury ,  commercial real estate finance ,  wealth management ,  finance operations ,  or corporate insurance .   qualifications  qualifications   • major in finance ,  accounting ,  economics or related field .   • completion of junior year  ( or equivalent credits )   • strong interest in the banking industry  • excellent verbal and written communication skills  • well developed quantitative and analytical skills  • ability to work independently and also in a team environment  job administrative  /  clerical  primary location minnesota - mn - minneapolis  shift 1st   -  daytime  travel no  average hours per week 40     
 our client is one of the world s most prestigious investment bankswho is looking to hiring an administrative assistant  .  this is an excellent opportunityfor an assistant with aprox 3 years of experience to support theinvestment bankingdivisionin san francisco .  job summary & responsibilities provides administrative support in a complex team environment to a senior group or executive .  coordinates complex ,  senior - level internal  /  external meetings and conference calls .  handles a high volume of phones calls and interacts with high level business leaders in a professional and effective manner .  supports internal and external managers or clients .  organizes and ships literature to clients .  responds and follows up on client requests .  maintains complex and extremely detailed calendars and prioritizes meeting requests and related logistics .  coordinates a high volume of domestic and international travel arrangements and processes expense reports .  prepares and distributes divisional correspondence ,  memos ,  letters ,  reports or other documents as requested .  maintains understanding of firm policies and handles certain issues independently .  manages monthly invoices and arranges for payment .  on - boards new hires ,  processes new employees ,  transfers ,  termination ,  etc .  responsible for participation in general administrative duties  ( copying ,  filing ,  faxing ,  archiving )  ,  ad - hoc projects ,  committees and or group events .  orders supplies and keeps inventory well - stocked .  basic qualifications requires excellent interpersonal and communication skills .  high attention to detail .  ability to maintain high standards despite pressing deadlines .  ability to solve problems quickly and efficiently .  strong knowledge of general business ,  corporate and government cultures .  ability to handle highly sensitive ,  confidential and non - routine information .  self - starter with excellent anticipation skills  problem solving  follow up .  demonstrated dependability and sense of urgency about getting results .  demonstrates high degree of integrity and confidentiality .  strong organizational skills .  comfortable working with people at all organizational levels .  comfortable working in a sometimes hectic ,  high pressure environment .  ability to display a consistent ,  professional degree of communication ability to work well under pressure ,  adapt to unexpected events ,  prioritize and multi - task in a deadline driven environment .  must be able to prioritize a variety of time - sensitive tasks .  must have excellent judgment  independent thinker and resourceful .  strong proficiency in ms word ,  excel ,  powerpoint and outlook .  team player with a positive attitude .  highest degree of integrity ,  professionalism ,  diplomacy and discretion required .  prefer 3+ years of experience .      
 marsh & mclennan companies is a global professional services firm providing advice and solutions in the areas of risk ,  strategy ,  and human capital .  it is the parent company of a number of the world s leading risk experts and specialty consultants ,  including marsh ,  the insurance broker and risk advisor  guy carpenter ,  the risk and reinsurance specialist  mercer ,  the provider of hr and related financial advice and services  and oliver wyman ,  the management consultancy .  with over 50 , 000 employees worldwide and annual revenue of approximately $10 billion ,  marsh & mclennan companies provides analysis ,  advice and transactional capabilities to clients in more than 100 countries .  its stock  ( ticker symbol  mmc )  is listed on the new york ,  chicago and london stock exchanges .   guy carpenter is the world s premier reinsurance intermediary and strategic advisor to leading insurance and reinsurance organizations ,  delivering integrated solutions through its industry - leading analytics and advisory services ,  highly specialized product knowledge and trading relationships with reinsurance markets around the world .  headquartered in new york city ,  guy carpenter has more than 2 , 300 employees in more than 50 locations worldwide .   the junior investment banking professional will play a critical role on the gc securities advisory team .  the banker s responsibilities include     gathering and synthesizing financial and operating information about companies and industries   analyzing detailed corporate and financial information   developing and maintaining complex financial models   performing various financial analyses ,  including valuations and merger consequences   developing marketing materials and delivering sections of client presentations .    preparing presentations and other materials for both internal and external clients   participating in the due diligence process and execution of financings and m&a transactions .    managing several projects at once and working effectively as an individual and as part of a team .    providing oversight and guidance to analysts  work .   qualifications    minimum two years of investment banking ,  corporate development or related experience   bachelors degree required with a minimum gpa 3 . 2   mba degree preferred   proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint   2 years experience of execution capabilities  ( i . e .  ,  ability to execute m&a and capital raising processes )    must have basic understanding of  ( re ) insurance business and competitive landscape   demonstrate financial modeling skills ,  strong quantitative  /  analytical skills   ability to manage and prioritize competing requests from different areas of the business   strategic and creative thinking with excellent written and oral communication skills   assertiveness and willingness to take initiative   excellent attention to detail and quality orientation   ability to work on cross - functional  ( and cross - company )  partnerships  job client management  primary location new york  marsh & mclennan companies and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers     
 targa resources  ( targa )  is a leading provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services in the united states .  we own and operate approximately 12 , 090 miles of natural gas and ngl pipelines ,  with natural gas gathering systems covering approximately 14 , 400 square miles and 21 natural gas processing plants located primarily in the permian basin ,  texas ,  new mexico and louisiana regions .   targa is currently seeking an accounting analyst for their office located in houston ,  tx .   opportunity description entry level opportunities in targa’s accounting organization include initial positions and / or future rotations in financial accounting ,  operational accounting ,  special projects ,  and tax functional groups .  rotations through financial reporting and / or planning will be available dependent upon performance ,  demonstrated aptitudes and business need .  job duties / responsibilities  monthly activities  dependent on functional group assignment ,  normal activities include but are not limited to the following ·         processing of routine accounting transactions including invoicing / billing / payment activities relating to commodity sales and purchases ,  operational or general and administrative activities ,  and / or intercompany transactions . ·         reconciliation and analysis of financial accounts through review and research of underlying transactions and processing activities . ·         preparation / completion of required governmental / regulatory agency forms ,  as required . ·         preparation and communication of variance analyses to explain impacts of monthly activities reflected in financial and management reports . ·         maintenance of internal control documentation for assigned responsibilities . quarterly / annual activities  ·         prepare responses to “prepared by client”  ( pbc )  data requests from the external auditor and / or financial reporting ,  as required . ·         provide analysis in support of the development of management’s discussion and analysis of results ,  as requested . ·         participate in internal control testing and remediation activities ,  as required . other activities / special projects   ·         interact with commercial / operational groups ,  other accounting functional groups ,  planning ,  financial reporting ,  treasury ,  or internal audit ,  as required . ·         participate in process improvement and / or systems projects ,  as assigned . ·         continuously evaluate assigned accounting processes and reporting ,  looking for increased efficiencies and better information for management decision making .  minimum essential qualifications  ·         bachelor degree in accounting ,  business administration ,  finance ,  management ,  management information systems or related degrees . ·         strong analytical and problem solving skills . ·         good written and verbal communication skills . ·         strong systems aptitude and process orientation – ability to learn systems  ( e . g .  ,  peoplesoft and hyperion  -  hfm and essbase )  . ·         exposure to pcs and related skills including prior use of microsoft office suite  ( especially excel )  . ·         ability to conceptualize and assimilate data and present proposals in a clear and concise manner . ·         ability to multi - task and prioritize assignments . ·         ability to adapt effectively to new and changing environments . ·         ability to work required overtime during critical periods ,  such as quarter / year end reporting or special projects . ·         eligible to work in the united states without company sponsorship . preferred qualifications  ·         master’s degree in accounting  ( 5 year professional accounting program )  . ·         eligibility to sit for certified public accountant examination . ·         prior work experience – fulltime ,  part - time ,  internships in an accounting or financial related field . ·         advanced pc skill sets – databases ,  data modeling .  targa offers a very competitive compensation and benefits package .  targa resources is an equal opportunity employer .  to apply please go to http  /  / www . targaresources . com .  .  .  .      
 jpmorgan chase & co .   ( nyse  jpm )  is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries .  the firm is a leader in investment banking ,  financial services for consumers ,  small business and commercial banking ,  financial transaction processing ,  asset management and private equity .  a component of the dow jones industrial average ,  jpmorgan chase serves millions of consumers in the united states and many of the world s most prominent corporate ,  institutional and government clients under its j . p .  morgan and chase brands .   technology at jpmorgan chase    financial services can be thought of as a technology business with a financial domain of expertise ,    says guy chiarello ,  the chief information officer at jpmorgan chase & co .   we believe that our success rests on our ability to identify and implement technological solutions that anticipate client needs while providing employees with the tools that make jpmorgan chase a premier place to work .  we are a recognized leader in information technology aligned to the needs of specific business lines .  while some it professionals are business aligned ,  others work on firm - wide initiatives .  regardless of where they work ,  the overall mission of our it specialists is to turn our applications ,  systems and infrastructure into a competitive advantage for the firm by coupling technological expertise with an understanding of our different strategic business visions .   program overview  jpmorgan chase is seeking highly motivated individuals for opportunities within our technology summer internship development program .   the overall mission of jpmorgan chase s technology team is to establish technology as a competitive advantage for the firm by coupling technological expertise with an understanding of our strategic vision .   information technology supports the spectrum of staff functions that lie at the heart of virtually every aspect of our business .   the goal of the technology summer internship development program is to introduce and prepare participants for the information technology organization at jpmorgan chase through a 10 week program .  you will be exposed to different technology areas through varied training and presentations .  technology summer analysts join technology teams who are responsible for designing ,  developing and supporting the applications or projects that give our businesses their competitive edge .   summer internship program details  the summer internship development program is primarily for students entering their senior year of college ,  with some opportunities for rising sophomores and juniors .   the summer internship development program is structured similarly to the full - time technology analyst development program .   the variety of roles offered is vast and constantly evolving ,  with numerous opportunities to gain technology experience across all business areas .  this creates a very exciting environment in which to launch a career .   these are the different opportunities that are available within the technology summer internship development program   application development analyst  application developers translate business and technical requirements into applications or solutions .  you may be involved with design and development of solutions ,   ( generally object oriented design )  ,  but will also shape development best practice ,  possibly moving towards continuous integration testing  ( cit )  .   in this role you could be liaising with traders and marketers to solve problems ,  deliver new business projects or enhance existing applications .  you are likely to learn the realities of real - time coding in an electronic trading environment  you may even be required to develop an understanding of the intricacies of developing a pricing system which requires up to 80 inputs to value a complex financial product .   system support engineer  as a systems support analyst you will manage the applications that are critical to the day to day running of our business and the business of our clients .  you may find yourself working with systems across the front ,  middle or back office of jpmorgan chase s businesses .  you could be working with a trading application ,  an investment or accounting platform ,  or one of the many other applications across our businesses .  whatever you are working on you will be continually managing and monitoring systems ,  responding to support calls ,  proactively seeking to improve quality and efficiency by carrying out configuration changes and managing the production environment .  you ll switch quickly between daily support procedures ,  management reporting and the urgent resolution and escalation of complex issues .  you may also be involved in quality assurance and executing test scripts and documents defects  run maintenance procedures / analyze results and take appropriate steps as a result .  good problems solving and communication skills are a prerequisite for working in a highly pressurized and time critical environment .   business systems analyst  business systems analysts identify ,  assess and record near term business needs ,  analyzing requirements ,  recommending business priorities and advising on options ,  risks and costs versus benefits .  often similarly aligned are project managers ,  responsible for estimating ,  planning ,  tracking and reporting on project and implementation work .  in these roles ,  you will partner closely with other teams ,  identifying and articulating business needs ,  so that the development team can design a solution .  you may be involved in feasibility studies ,  design specifications ,  test analysis ,  and user training ,  right through to final implementation .  sometimes your role might encompass all of these things at once !   infrastructure engineer  at jp morgan chase ,  infrastructure engineers are involved in every facet of the it system lifecycle ,  from identifying the latest technology solutions ,  to product selection ,  implementation and production support .   you may also work hand in hand with project managers in delivering critical business - aligned technology projects .   areas of focus include diverse technologies such as    -            wintel ,  unix server and database systems administration   -            server and desktop operating systems support   -            data and voice networking   -            large mid - range and mainframe administration and support   -            batch scheduling ,  real - time fault monitoring and performing tuning technologies   -            problem and incident mgmt  qualifications    only those candidates who are highly motivated and eager to begin their career in technology within our organization will be considered .   business & technical acumen is required to succeed in the program .   specifically   o    working towards a ba / bs degree ,  preferably in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  or electrical engineering is preferred  o    a gpa of 3 . 2+ is preferred  o    working knowledge of c ,  c++ ,  java ,  c# ,  visual basic ,  sql ,  networking and infrastructure and / or server administration .   o    previous related internship experience and / or other relevant experience is preferred  o    strong written / verbal communication skills  other program qualifications are centered on competencies interns and analysts need to demonstrate on a consistent basis in order to be successful at jpmorgan chase & co .    o    corporate perspective   the desire to understand the bigger picture beyond the team / business area / region and to understand and exceed client needs .   strong desire to work in the financial services industry .   o    delivery of results   the ability to drive individual and team performance to exceed expectations and achieve business goals .   o    leadership   the ability to articulate a vision and harness / engage resources to achieve objectives while role - modeling corporate values & recognizing the business & social value of diversity .   must be flexible ,  adaptable to change ,  able to multi - task in a fast - paced environment .   o    drive for innovation & improvement   the commitment to challenge & question the way things are done and seek improvements  /  new ways of doing things to maximize value add ,  optimize cost and minimize risk .   o    relationship management   the ability to relate 1 on 1 and work inter - dependently with others  -  internal partners & colleagues as well as external clients & suppliers .   ability to collaborate with others in a results - driven ,  team - oriented environment .   o    personal development  ( self & others )    the passion for self - improvement and the desire to facilitate the development of others to achieve more than s / he believes may be possible .   all candidates must have the eligibility to work permanently in the u . s .   job applications development  primary location us - fl - tampa - ho3 - 10410 highland manor  /  02975  organization corporate human resources  schedule full - time  job type internship  shift day job  employee status regular  corporate brand jpmorgan chase & co .      
 title  junior investment banker  -  guy carpenter  -  new york location  ny - new york marsh & mclennan companies is a global professional services firm providing advice and solutions in the areas of risk ,  strategy ,  and human capital .  it is the parent company of a number of the world  s leading risk experts and specialty consultants ,  including marsh ,  the insurance broker and risk advisor  guy carpenter ,  the risk and reinsurance specialist  mercer ,  the provider of hr and related financial advice and services  and oliver wyman ,  the management consultancy .  with over 50 , 000 employees worldwide and annual revenue of approximately $10 billion ,  marsh & mclennan companies provides analysis ,  advice and transactional capabilities to clients in more than 100 countries .  its stock  ( ticker symbol  mmc )  is listed on the new york ,  chicago and london stock exchanges .  guy carpenteris the world  s premier reinsurance intermediary and strategic advisor to leading insurance and reinsurance organizations ,  delivering integrated solutions through its industry - leading analytics and advisory services ,  highly specialized product knowledge and trading relationships with reinsurance markets around the world .  headquartered in new york city ,  guy carpenter has more than 2 , 300 employees in more than 50 locations worldwide .  the junior investment banking professional will play a critical role on the gc securities advisory team .  the banker  s responsibilities include    gathering and synthesizing financial and operating information about companies and industries   analyzing detailed corporate and financial information   developing and maintaining complex financial models   performing various financial analyses ,  including valuations and merger consequences   developing marketing materials and delivering sections of client presentations .    preparing presentations and other materials for both internal and external clients   participating in the due diligence process and execution of financings and m&a transactions .    managing several projects at once and working effectively as an individual and as part of a team .    providing oversight and guidance to analysts   work .    minimum two years of investment banking ,  corporate development or related experience   bachelors degree required with a minimum gpa 3 . 2   mba degree preferred   proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint   2 years experience of execution capabilities  ( i . e .  ,  ability to execute m&a and capital raising processes )    must have basic understanding of  ( re ) insurance business and competitive landscape   demonstrate financial modeling skills ,  strong quantitative  /  analytical skills   ability to manage and prioritize competing requests from different areas of the business   strategic and creative thinking with excellent written and oral communication skills   assertiveness and willingness to take initiative   excellent attention to detail and quality orientation   ability to work on cross - functional  ( and cross - company )  partnerships     
 global corporate & investment banking administrative assistant   1300052838 us - ny - new york description overview of role the administrative assistant in this position will provide diverse ,  advanced and confidential administrative support .  such support functions include gathering ,  compiling and reporting information relevant to / for team and managing a number of different and often conflicting objectives ,  projects and activities at one time .  significant multi - tasking abilities are required .  regular involvement in high - level client contact and exposure to sensitive information requires that the aa use considerable tact ,  diplomacy and judgment .  advanced administrative and analytical skills are essential .  responsibilities include  extremely heavy calendar management  coordinating and scheduling internal and external meetings extensive scheduling of international and domestic travel comprehensive phone coverage and expense processing communicating and interacting internally with all levels of the group and across business functions ,  finance ,  personnel ,  and technology ,  as well as externally with clients and their teams serving as a resource for basic company policies and procedures quickly learning and keeping up to date on a variety of software programs performs diverse ,  advanced and confidential administrative support functions including composing ,  signing and releasing routine but somewhat complex correspondence .  usually relieves management of administrative details  gathers ,  compiles and reports information relevant to / for department  may manage a number of different and often conflicting objectives ,  projects or activities at one time .  communicates with executives and line management to gather or convey relevant information .  may be involved in high - level client contact and exposure to sensitive information ,  and must use considerable tact ,  diplomacy and judgment .  advanced administrative and analytical skills .  thorough knowledge of a variety of software programs .  qualifications required  5+ years investment banking or financial services support experience ,  executive - level support preferred polished and professional in person ,  phone and email communications significant time management ,  organization ,  multi - tasking and prioritization skills advanced skills in outlook and other ms office programs  ( excel ,  work ,  powerpoint )  strong attention to detail ,  ability to work effectively under pressure and time constraints concur or similar experience processing travel and expenses exemplary demonstrated work ethic ability to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities apply nowapply now .  link opens a new window share this job click to share on facebook ,  link opens in a new window facebook click to share on twitter ,  link opens in a new window twitter click to share on linkedin ,  link opens in a new window linkedin stay connected stay connected to careers on twitter @bofa_careers .  link opens a new window .  location  us - ny - new york job family  a - administration language  travel  no posting date  sep 4 2013 unposting date  sep 11 2013 hours per week 40 . 00 full  /  part - time  fulltime shift  1st shift weekly schedule for more information see url 5plus usdashny multidashtasking highdashlevel highdashlevel executivedashlevel multidashtasking usdashny adashadministration partdashtime toslashfor toslashfor     
 disney professional internships  merchandise business analyst internship  company overview  the walt disney company is a world - class entertainment and technological leader .  walt’s passion was to continuously envision new ways to move audiences around the world—a passion that remains our touchstone in an enterprise that stretches from theme parks ,  resorts and a cruise line to sports ,  news ,  movies and a variety of other businesses .  uniting each endeavor is a commitment to creating and delivering unforgettable experiences — and we’re constantly looking for new ways to enhance these exciting experiences .  bring your individual talents here and discover for yourself why a career with disney is the opportunity you’ve been looking for .   department overview  “it takes people to make the dream a reality . ” walt was on to something when he said that ,  and it continues to ring true today .  no matter the stage in your career ,  being a part of walt disney parks & resorts means being a part of a team where you help bring innovation to life through unsurpassed products ,  services and most importantly remarkable experiences .  as a cast member you are the steward and connection to our legacy and the backbone of our thriving innovations .  join our team and watch your dreams come true .    the merchandise business analyst intern will assist the senior merchandise systems analyst to provide information and insights into sales ,  category assortments ,  store groupings ,  and market trends to measure performance and shape business decisions .  the ideal candidate will have data interpretation skills and be able to communicate insights and findings to management in a clear ,  compelling way .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently a senior or higher seeking a degree in business information management ,  actuarial science ,  applied mathematics ,  supply chain management ,  industrial engineering ,  finance ,  economics  ( or related )       demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    strong partnering skills    strong business writing and data visualization skills    proven organizational and time management skills with attention to detail    able to communicate progress and provide status updates when necessary    demonstrated proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint    excel skills  ( e . g .  ,  vlookup ,  sumif ,  macros )     experience with analytical tools  ( such as sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  or arena )      willingness to learn new business dynamics    demonstrated ability to manage conflict / resolution    experience coding in a programming language    retail or customer service experience    experience with b . i .  and analytical tools including sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  and arena     
 be a part of the solution  at prudential ,  we have been helping our clients meet challenges for more than 135 years .  and with our enhanced financial professional assistant program ,  this is an excellent time for you to become a part of the solution .   when you study to become a financial professional ,  you re on the road helping to make a positive change in people s lives .  the strategies you ll recommend as a financial professional will help clients meet the challenge of protecting and growing their financial health and well - being .   to find out more about the program including the curriculum and when it s offered in your area ,  complete the form on the right .  select the checkbox to have a recruiter from your local office contact you to describe the program and answer any questions you may have .      
 disney professional internships  merchandise business analyst internship  company overview  the walt disney company is a world - class entertainment and technological leader .  walt’s passion was to continuously envision new ways to move audiences around the world—a passion that remains our touchstone in an enterprise that stretches from theme parks ,  resorts and a cruise line to sports ,  news ,  movies and a variety of other businesses .  uniting each endeavor is a commitment to creating and delivering unforgettable experiences — and we’re constantly looking for new ways to enhance these exciting experiences .  bring your individual talents here and discover for yourself why a career with disney is the opportunity you’ve been looking for .   department overview  “it takes people to make the dream a reality . ” walt was on to something when he said that ,  and it continues to ring true today .  no matter the stage in your career ,  being a part of walt disney parks & resorts means being a part of a team where you help bring innovation to life through unsurpassed products ,  services and most importantly remarkable experiences .  as a cast member you are the steward and connection to our legacy and the backbone of our thriving innovations .  join our team and watch your dreams come true .    the merchandise business analyst intern will assist the senior merchandise systems analyst to provide information and insights into sales ,  category assortments ,  store groupings ,  and market trends to measure performance and shape business decisions .  the ideal candidate will have data interpretation skills and be able to communicate insights and findings to management in a clear ,  compelling way .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently a senior or higher seeking a degree in business information management ,  actuarial science ,  applied mathematics ,  supply chain management ,  industrial engineering ,  finance ,  economics  ( or related )       demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    strong partnering skills    strong business writing and data visualization skills    proven organizational and time management skills with attention to detail    able to communicate progress and provide status updates when necessary    demonstrated proficiency with excel ,  word and powerpoint    excel skills  ( e . g .  ,  vlookup ,  sumif ,  macros )     experience with analytical tools  ( such as sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  or arena )      willingness to learn new business dynamics    demonstrated ability to manage conflict / resolution    experience coding in a programming language    retail or customer service experience    experience with b . i .  and analytical tools including sas jmp ,  spss ,  gams ,  and arena  additional information materials required     college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   -  please upload your transcript while completing the online application  internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u .  s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   application deadline  the deadline to     
 fort washington investment advisors ,  inc .  has an immediate opportunity for a summer intern .   position requirements  candidates should be under consideration for a finance ,  accounting ,  marketing ,  operations ,  decision sciences or related business major .   position attributes  centered on the interests of our clients ,  fort washington offers a wide range of financial solutions that are customized to the specific needs of both institutions and individuals .  our core commitment remains the same within the parameters of each investment strategy  to provide our clients with outstanding investment products and services that present long - term ,  above - average return potential .  fort washington is a member of western & southern financial group .   western & southern financial group ,  a fortune 500 company ,  is a dynamic family of diversified financial services companies that provides life insurance ,  annuities ,  mutual funds ,  retirement planning and investment products and services to help millions of consumers nationwide to plan and protect their financial futures .   move up     
 about the job andrews international  ( ai )  ,  headquartered in los angeles ,  california ,  is a full service provider of security and risk mitigation services  and the largest private security service provider in the united states .  we have openings for a temp -  office administrator in bell gardens ,  california .  basic responsibilities  provide administrative support to ensure that operations are maintained in an effective ,  up to date and accurate manner .   ?  type correspondence ,  reports and other documents  ?  maintain office files  ?  open and distribute the mail  ?  coordinate repairs to office equipment  ?  greet and assist visitors  ?  answer phones  ?  direct calls and respond to inquiries  ? file perform other related duties as required required skills 2 years of experience in an office administration or office receptionist role .  required experience must be at least 18 years old .  high school diploma or equivalent required .  applicants must have a valid ca state driving license .  applicants must be able to pass a criminal background investigation and drug screening .  andrews international is an affirmative action / eeo employer 2 years of experience in an office administration or office receptionist role .      
 ### job summary  founded in 1901 ,  nist is a non - regulatory federal agency within commerce .  nist  s mission is to promote u . s .  innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science ,  standards ,  and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life .  to learn more about working at nist ,  please visit careers at nist .  this is a student internship opportunity under the pathways program .  nist currently has an internship position located in the engineering laboratory ,  fire research division .  the student will perform a literature review on risk perception .     are you ready to explore your future with nist ?    this announcement will close at 11 59 p . m .  eastern time on the date the first 100 applications are received or on september 18th ,  2013 ,  whichever comes first .        
 job description this role is perfect for someone with marketing ,  strategy or finance experience in the food and / or consumer products space .  the ideal candidate is passionate about the convergence of food and technology and ready to help drive crucial e - mail communication strategy .  the ideal candidate will also have leadership experience and a strong connection to the locavore  ( local food )  movement to effectively help grow and sustain local artisan food systems .  in addition to market research ,  assignments may include  helping build brand equity ,  market share ,  and profitability .  creating multi - year strategic growth plans for bringing products to market .  help d evelop and evaluate new product opportunities and platforms .  analyzing consumer / customer trends and drawing implications for long - term brand growth .  help d evelop consumer promotions and contests .  competitive analysis ,  deep dives ,  and recommending competitive strategies .  championing novel ideas and concepts .  help with r e - staging or re - positioning product lines .  qualifications apply if you are dynamic and you enjoy helping grow local artisan and gourmet food sellers .  requirements  self - starter , driven entrepreneurial exceptional communicator exceptional networking and interpersonal skills detail - oriented problem solver critical thinker ,  analytical ,  innovator proficient in excel with strong knowledge of pivot tables very comfortable with large amounts of data and numbers experience analyzing market research and business intelligence cpg and / or food industry experience preferred technology savvy decisive leader additional information follow foodieterra . com athttps  /  / twitter . com / foodieterra     
 at regions this position will perform administrative and clerical services related to the activities of a division ,  department ,  section or unit .   primary responsibilities    may prepare correspondence ,  memoranda ,  reports ,  etc .    screens telephone calls and receives and directs visitors   may resolve routine inquiries .   may schedule and maintain calendar of appointments ,  meetings and travel itineraries and coordinates related arrangements   may prepare and distribute minutes of meetings   operates a personal computer and appropriate software packages or its equivalent  qualifications  requirements    requires a high school diploma or ged   two years clerical / administrative experience  job branch / consumer banking  primary location mississippi - greenwood  schedule full - time  job posting sep 13 ,  2013 ,  7 46 09 am     
 about the company  just two years since launch ,  findthebest has grown from a small santa barbara garage to a 70+ employee company with 25m+ visitors a month ,  already a quarter the size of yelp .  everyday ,  even the newest employees make a giant impact on our millions of users .  if you’ve ever dreamed of being an entrepreneur—but want the security of a company built for success—there’s no better place to start your career .  findthebest helps people make big decisions .  we collect ,  organize and present data in a consumer - friendly format so our users can pick the best smartphone ,  college ,  ski resort  ( and 800+ others )  for them .  many employees specialize in one of 10 broad categories—like travel ,  sports ,  health ,  or education—designing smart filters ,  colorful visuals ,  and easy comparison tools to help people decide .  we re backed by two vc firms  kleiner perkins caufield byers and new world ventures .  our founder / ceo previously started doubleclick  ( sold to google for $3 . 1b )  .  located in santa barbara  ( “silicon beach” )  ,  we re fast - growing ,  and best of all ,  fun .  employees enjoy snacks ,  a game room ,  quick access to the beach ,  and daily classes with a personal trainer .  career opportunities abound for     
 our client ,  located in uptown ,  is looking for an administrative assistant to join their team !  they need an organized ,  attentive ,  polished ,  and professional person to assist one of their partners .  they offer competitive compensation and sought - after benefits that accompany such a growing company .  responsibilities maintain meetings and activities coordinate business / personal travel and complete expense reports preparing reports ,  email communication ,  and pitch books assist with planning and execution of events / meetings all other duties as assigned qualifications 3 - 5+ years of experience in investment banking ,  legal or finance industry bachelor s degree required excellent communication both written and oral ability to thrive in an ever - changing environment proficient in microsoft excel ,  word and powerpoint ability to multi - task and deal with all types of professional heavy work schedule  ( average week 50+ hours )  ,  including some weekends possess confident and hands - on approach with the executive proficient in ms office ability to succeed in an ever - changing environment     
 2014 summer internship  -  credit risk management ,  statistics & analysis and supervision & regulation - 233105  federal reserve bank of cleveland  primary location oh - cleveland  full - time  /  part - time part - time  employee status temporary  overtime status non - exempt  job type internship  travel no  shift day job  job sensitivity tier ii  -  w /  credit check  our people make the difference the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .   for thirteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named “one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .   at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !   summer 2014 internships  ( 6 positions available )   credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  and supervision and regulation  take your accounting and finance skills to the next level as an intern in the credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  and supervision and regulation departments .   these three departments make up the scs administration whose mission is to ensure public confidence in the financial system by delivering the highest quality analysis ,  risk management and supervision practices .   as an intern you may be assigned some of the following responsibilities   ·         analyze and ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial reports and structure reports through analysis of financial statements and application of applicable financial analysis tools ,  banking regulations ,  and accounting rules .   ·         provide day to day operational coverage for the discount window ,  payments system risk ,  condition monitoring ,  reserves and collateral functions .   prepare financial condition reviews of banks ,  thrifts and / or credit unions within the fourth district .   ·         participate on a collateral review for loans pledged to the federal reserve’s discount window .   ·         assist credit risk management with ad hoc strategic priorities at the department ,  administration ,  reserve bank and / or federal reserve system level .   ·         assist with modifications in the condition monitoring program ,  the borrower in custody program and other collateral related policies .   ·         assist with identifying risks through monitoring and onsite reviews to promote and ensure prudent banking practices and overall financial and managerial stability .   ·         prepare management reports and analyses relevant to a specific risk area or risk development  ( e . g .  ,  asset quality trends for district regional and community banks ,  deposit trends and interest rate exposures ,  peer comparisons for an applicable risk metrics ,  etc .  )   ·         complete projects and ad hoc assignments  ( e . g .  ,  updating  cross - district alll models ,  compiling state member bank capital stress testing activities and key parameters ,  researching basel iii developments and related fourth district implications )   ·         participate and assist in field examination or inspection of a state member bank or bank holding company  requirements   ·         working towards bachelor s or master’s degree in accounting ,  economics ,  finance ,  with at least one semester of school remaining upon completion of the internship  ·         strong academic record with a minimum grade point average of 3 . 0 .   ·         financial analysis experience through school projects or internships  ·         proficiency with microsoft office products ,  specifically excel and access  ( or familiarity with other data access tools )   ·         ability to work in a deadline driven environment  ·         ability to work both in a group setting and on an individual basis .   ·         ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously .   ·         solid oral and written communication skills .   you may be assigned to work in the credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  or supervision and regulation departments .   please note  this position requires access to confidential supervisory information ,  access to which is limited to   protected individuals   as defined by regulation of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .   protected individuals include ,  but are not limited to ,  u . s .  citizens ,  u . s .  nationals ,  and lawful permanent resident aliens  ( also known as   green card holders   )  but do not include  ( i )  a permanent resident alien who fails to apply for naturalization within six months of the date the alien first becomes eligible to apply for naturalization and  ( ii )  an alien who has applied on a timely basis ,  but has not been naturalized as a citizen within 2 years after the date of the application ,  unless the alien can establish that the alien is actively pursuing naturalization .    if you are selected for an interview ,  you will be required to present documentation of your eligibility prior to the interview .      
 position category  wealth management  experience  refer to position description position type  intern  job level  non - exempt  apply now apply now  add to job cart add to job cart  position description responsibilities  - gain industry and organizational knowledge through daily business interactions and job assignments .   - develop business ,  financial and analytical skills needed for career in global wealth management and financial services .   - provide marketing and sales support to branches and their teams .   - perform market research .   - gain exposure to wealth management business ,  products ,  services and clients’ financial needs .   skills required requirements  - high school diploma required .  in pursuit of college degree preferable .   - at least 18 years of age .   - internships are intended to be positions that are for limited duration ,  with a maximum duration ten months .   - strong desire to gain further understanding of the global wealth management business .   - effective communication and interpersonal skills  ( both written and verbal )   - ability to work on a team .   - strong analytical skills and ability to interpret .   morgan stanley eoe committed to diversifying its workforce .  m / f / d / v .   apply now apply now  add to job cart add to job cart  move up     
 2014 summer internship  -  credit risk management ,  statistics & analysis and supervision & regulation - 233105  federal reserve bank of cleveland  primary location oh - cleveland  full - time  /  part - time part - time  employee status temporary  overtime status non - exempt  job type internship  travel no  shift day job  job sensitivity tier ii  -  w /  credit check  our people make the difference the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .   for thirteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named “one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .   at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !   summer 2014 internships  ( 6 positions available )   credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  and supervision and regulation  take your accounting and finance skills to the next level as an intern in the credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  and supervision and regulation departments .   these three departments make up the scs administration whose mission is to ensure public confidence in the financial system by delivering the highest quality analysis ,  risk management and supervision practices .   as an intern you may be assigned some of the following responsibilities   ·         analyze and ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial reports and structure reports through analysis of financial statements and application of applicable financial analysis tools ,  banking regulations ,  and accounting rules .   ·         provide day to day operational coverage for the discount window ,  payments system risk ,  condition monitoring ,  reserves and collateral functions .   prepare financial condition reviews of banks ,  thrifts and / or credit unions within the fourth district .   ·         participate on a collateral review for loans pledged to the federal reserve’s discount window .   ·         assist credit risk management with ad hoc strategic priorities at the department ,  administration ,  reserve bank and / or federal reserve system level .   ·         assist with modifications in the condition monitoring program ,  the borrower in custody program and other collateral related policies .   ·         assist with identifying risks through monitoring and onsite reviews to promote and ensure prudent banking practices and overall financial and managerial stability .   ·         prepare management reports and analyses relevant to a specific risk area or risk development  ( e . g .  ,  asset quality trends for district regional and community banks ,  deposit trends and interest rate exposures ,  peer comparisons for an applicable risk metrics ,  etc .  )   ·         complete projects and ad hoc assignments  ( e . g .  ,  updating  cross - district alll models ,  compiling state member bank capital stress testing activities and key parameters ,  researching basel iii developments and related fourth district implications )   ·         participate and assist in field examination or inspection of a state member bank or bank holding company  requirements   ·         working towards bachelor s or master’s degree in accounting ,  economics ,  finance ,  with at least one semester of school remaining upon completion of the internship  ·         strong academic record with a minimum grade point average of 3 . 0 .   ·         financial analysis experience through school projects or internships  ·         proficiency with microsoft office products ,  specifically excel and access  ( or familiarity with other data access tools )   ·         ability to work in a deadline driven environment  ·         ability to work both in a group setting and on an individual basis .   ·         ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously .   ·         solid oral and written communication skills .   you may be assigned to work in the credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  or supervision and regulation departments .   please note  this position requires access to confidential supervisory information ,  access to which is limited to   protected individuals   as defined by regulation of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .   protected individuals include ,  but are not limited to ,  u . s .  citizens ,  u . s .  nationals ,  and lawful permanent resident aliens  ( also known as   green card holders   )  but do not include  ( i )  a permanent resident alien who fails to apply for naturalization within six months of the date the alien first becomes eligible to apply for naturalization and  ( ii )  an alien who has applied on a timely basis ,  but has not been naturalized as a citizen within 2 years after the date of the application ,  unless the alien can establish that the alien is actively pursuing naturalization .    if you are selected for an interview ,  you will be required to present documentation of your eligibility prior to the interview .      
 as an intern in collateral surveillance ,  you will participate in a “best - in - class” internship program that will provide you with the tools you need to launch your career in real estate finance .    you will be an integral member of the team and receive support of an exceptional training program that provides valuable mentoring and learning opportunities for your professional development .  your assistance with collateral surveillance duties such as data entry ,  property inspection reports and daily system updates will sharpen your technical ,  analytical and decision making skills .  you will build relationships with managers and other interns .   this opportunity is for our pnc real estate office in corporate woods ,  overland park ,  kansas  .  this is an 8 month internship that will last mid - january through mid - august .   qualifications  • pursuing a 4 year undergraduate college degree in business ,   finance or real estate • strong academic record • superior problem solving and analytical skills • excellent written and verbal communication skills • basic typing skills ,  knowledge and use of personal computers  ( including spreadsheet and word processing applications )  • proficient in ms office     
 internship  ( finance and economics )   -  granger ,  in job id  20132307 - 7587 description  scottrade ,  inc . has abranch internposition available ingranger ,  in . the main purpose of this position is to assist branches with daily operations while gaining valuable work experience in the brokerage industry .  responsibilities    listen to and shadow brokers in the office to see how they conduct business with clients .    act as a representative of scottrade to clients that come directly to the branch for assistance .    become familiar with different departments and their functions .    provide technical support for clients accessing scottrade  s trading platforms .    utilize quote system to communicate information regarding stocks to clients .    process stock certificates and deposits ,  prepare paperwork for overnight delivery to st .  louis ,  and process branch mail .    understand and be able to communicate different types of client accounts .    navigate through the internal systems and become familiar with their uses .    complete internal training program through scottrade university .    participate in team building activities within the branch .    become proficient with the microsoft office suite .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities    ability to work an average of 15 - 30 hours per week and no more than 8 hours per day .    basic level proficiency with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and outlook .    foster company success through a professional appearance ,  being courteous to customers and all scottrade associates and by having a positive attitude .  education and experience    high school diploma or equivalent .    currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and attend classes at a local university with interests in business and the stock market .    have completed 50 - 70 hours of required coursework and have a balance of no fewer than 48 hours remaining towards their bachelor’s degree  ( 1 - 2 years of college remaining )  .    performing within the college’s acceptable gpa level .  scottrade ,  inc .  ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to inclusion and a diverse workforce .  requirements  languages english  ?  spoken ,  english  ?  written location in  -  granger     
 intern  -  fund accounting specialist -  part - time  -  dallas - 130080419  job description  about j . p .  morgan corporate & investment bank  j . p .  morgan’s corporate & investment bank  ( cib )  is a global leader across banking ,  markets and investor services .  the world’s most important corporations ,  governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries .  with $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits ,  the corporate & investment bank provides strategic advice ,  raises capital ,  manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world .   intern  -  fund accounting specialist  -  part - time  job responsibilities     assist team with ad - hoc reporting   assist with distribution of financial data to private equity clients via online portal   assist with the onboarding and offboarding of team members and clients   other administrative duties as needed  duties / skills relative to general accounting and securities knowledge     line of business knowledge   business processes and procedures   product knowledge  qualifications    sophomore or junior level undergraduate student in an accounting or finance program   team player with the ability to work productively within a group   maintain a high degree of independence   ability to multitask   detail – orientated   strong analytical ,  prioritization ,  organizational ,  and time management skills   clear and consistent verbal and written communications   pc literacy with proficiency in ms word and excel  jpmorgan chase offers an exceptional benefits program and a highly competitive compensation package .   jpmorgan chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer ,  m / f / d / v  job accounting  primary location us - tx - dallas - jpmip one  /  01538  organization treasury & securities services  schedule part - time  job type internship  shift day job  employee status regular  travel no     
 bae systems is looking for well qualified professionals to join our team for an exciting opportunity to support the readiness and sustainment of the usaf icbm program .  the icbm system program office must ensure a safe ,  secure and reliable mm iii weapon system as required by the war fighter  ( air force global strike command )  through 2030 .  this activity is identified as the future icbm sustainment and acquisition construct  ( fisac )  .  the contract will assist in acquisition and technical sustainment engineering and help train and develop this capability in the government .  this contract will augment organic resources by providing breadth and depth of capabilities for system engineering and integration ,  risk management ,  technical assessment ,  acquisition program management ,  strategy development ,  organization and change management ,  interface with operations and logistics ,  business analysis ,  mission effectiveness ,  and icbm demonstration  -  validation  ( dem - val )  integrated applications programs .  position will be located at or near hill afb ,  utah .  this role will provide statistical services .  responsibilities include  1 .  performs a variety of routine quantitative and qualitative statistical analyses of data for such purposes as research ,  validation of prior analysis ,  quality control and other related purposes involving experimental ,  theoretical or practical application .  assists in preparation of reports based upon results of analysis .  2 .  participates in the acquisition of measurements either in the laboratory ,  in the field .  3 .  investigates various methods of data analysis and collection to manipulate data into a desired format or to ensure accuracy of test results .  4 .  develops and conducts statistical analyses of measured data .  5 .  prepares periodic reports which describe the progress of a project over a given time frame  present detailed results of a task  summarize work performed under a task  or serve as a planning document or measurement acquisition plan .  required skills  0 - 2 years of directly related experience .  must be eligible to obtain a secret security clearance     
 legg mason is a leading global asset management firm that offers rewarding career opportunities for individuals who share our core values  integrity ,  collaboration ,  passion for results ,  empowerment ,  and a commitment to our profession .  we have a presence in every major financial center across the globe ,  and we look for exceptional professionals who want to shape a rewarding career through intellectual curiosity ,  leadership ,  and team - oriented approach .  if you are passionate about the investment business and about building your future with one of the industry s premier firms ,  consider the opportunities at legg mason today .   our business data solutions group is seeking a fall intern to join our team in stamford ,  ct .   key responsibilities & duties include ,  but not limited to     component programming    project research ,  analysis ,  investigating    testing  /  debugging    documentation  position requirements     must be pursuing a bachelor s or master s degree in computer science ,  computer information systems ,  or a related field    must have relevant work experience in information technology involving coding ,  analysis ,  and / or sql    professional demeanor with the ability to interact with all levels of employees    positive attitude ,  team player ,  and ability to work independently    proficiency in ms office    excellent oral and written communication skills  interns must be able to commute to our stamford ,  ct office and work a minimum of 12 hours per week .   eoe     
 assurant health is the brand name for a family of health insurance products focused on providing a variety of affordable plan choices to consumers .  the portfolio of health care products includes major medical ,  supplemental and fixed - benefit plans for individuals ,  families and small employers .  assurant health is committed to providing access to convenient health care delivery ,  easy - to - understand products and value - added services that help customers better manage their health care dollars and get the most out of their coverage - ultimately seeking to protect not only financial security but also the health and well being of its customers .  assurant health s products are underwritten and issued by john alden life insurance company ,  union security life insurance company and time insurance company ,  which has been in business since 1892 .  headquartered in milwaukee ,  wis .  ,  assurant health employs approximately 2 , 000 employees .  more information about assurant health can be found on the company s website at assuranthealth . com .   assurant health is part of assurant ,  a premier provider of specialized insurance products and related services in north america and select worldwide markets .  the four key businesses  -  -  assurant solutions ,  assurant specialty property ,  assurant health ,  and assurant employee benefits  -  -  partner with clients who are leaders in their industries and have built leadership positions in a number of specialty insurance market segments in the u . s .  and select worldwide markets .   assurant ,  a fortune 500 company and a member of the s&p 500 ,  is traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol aiz .  assurant has approximately $27 billion in assets and $8 billion in annual revenue .  assurant has approximately 14 , 000 employees worldwide and is headquartered in new york s financial district .  http  /  /         bachelor s degree in mathematics ,  statistics ,  economics ,  or a related field or equivalent work experience .    sas expertise or extensive ability to apply at least one other advanced data management and analysis software package such as spss ,  e - views ,  s or r in addition to expertise in a programming language such as c++ ,   . net ,  sql ,  or java .    experience in performing modeling and data analysis including processing and analyzing large data files .  it is desirable for the candidate to have experience with large health insurance data files .  extensive experience with large data sets requiring multiple variable reduction techniques preferred .    ability to complete risk studies on claims ,  lapse ,  and .  .  .  .    ability to understand business problems and carry out project plans .    strong analytical and quantitative ability to conduct required research and understand statistical models ,  optimization concepts ,  and hypothesis testing development .  it is necessary to have specific abilities with respect to regression models ,  survival analysis ,  time series ,  statistical computation ,  or numerical analysis .    excellent oral ,  written ,  and presentation skills to effectively communicate technical information to all levels of personnel .    ability to collect ,  organize and process complex data and information from multiple sources ,  verify its accuracy ,  and effectively develop alternatives and logical relationships .    knowledge of quantitative methods ,  statistical models ,  and optimization concepts and the ability to apply them to business situations .    knowledge of data base management systems such as oracle ,  sql server ,  mysql ,  or microsoft access .      a strong preference will be given to candidates whom have attained a masters or phd in statistics ,  economics ,  mathematics ,  or a related field .   assurant is an equal employment opportunity employer .  all aspects of consideration for employment and employment with the company are governed on the basis of merit ,  competence and qualifications without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  veteran status ,  sexual orientation ,  or any other category protected by federal ,  state ,  or local law .    assurant health is the brand name for a family of health insurance products focused on providing a variety of affordable plan choices to consumers .  the portfolio of health care products includes major medical ,  supplemental and fixed - benefit plans for individuals ,  families and small employers .  assurant health is committed to providing access to convenient health care delivery ,  easy - to - understand products and value - added services that help customers better manage their health care dollars and get the most out of their coverage - ultimately seeking to protect not only financial security but also the health and well being of its customers .  assurant health s products are underwritten and issued by john alden life insurance company ,  union security life insurance company and time insurance company ,  which has been in business since 1892 .  headquartered in milwaukee ,  wis .  ,  assurant health employs approximately 2 , 000 employees .  more information about assurant health can be found on the company s website at assuranthealth . com .   assurant health is part of assurant ,  a premier provider of specialized insurance products and related services in north america and select worldwide markets .  the four key businesses  -  -  assurant solutions ,  assurant specialty property ,  assurant health ,  and assurant employee benefits  -  -  partner with clients who are leaders in their industries and have built leadership positions in a number of specialty insurance market segments in the u . s .  and select worldwide markets .   assurant ,  a fortune 500 company and a member of the s&p 500 ,  is traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol aiz .  assurant has approximately $27 billion in assets and $8 billion in annual revenue .  assurant has approximately 14 , 000 employees worldwide and is headquartered in new york s financial district .  http  /  /      
 two simple words remind us that great ideas shatter expectations .  two simple words set ketchum apart .       break through when we say break through ,  it means our employees work to create the changes our clients seek ,  to exceed their expectations ,  and to bring tangible benefits to their business and fulfillment to our own careers .  this belief has led to enjoyable and long - standing relationships with our clients ,  who entrust us with many of the best - known brands in the world ,  and with the up - and - comers that will be tomorrow’s top brands .  it’s what sets ketchum apart ,  what attracts people to ketchum ,  and what makes them want to stay !  additional information on ketchum and its award - winning work can be found at www . ketchum . com .    monitoring and tracking media clip paste - ups writing media updates preparing fact sheets and backgrounders preparing pitch letters pitching media assisting in the development of press releasesattending client meetingswriting client and / or team memos assisting with research for new business opportunities and client presentationsassisting with event coordination attending team meetings   qualified candidates should have a bachelor’s degree ,  excellent written and verbal communication skills ,  the ability to multitask ,  and a basic understanding of public relations ,  either through course work or previous internship experience .      
qualifications / responsibilities  high school diploma or ged required .  will perform various clerical duties as assigned .     
 wedbush securities is one of the nation s largest full - service investment banking and brokerage firms .  our new york office is seeking an equity research intern for the media sector to assist the senior analyst in financial and market research on industry and selected companies ,  with a focus on media and internet sectors  ( e . g .  ,  cbs ,  google )  .   the intern will focus on a range of projects ,  including ,  but not limited to     collecting and analyzing data   creating and maintaining company and industry financial models   helping prepare written research   assisting in marketing of research  required  you must be a full - time or part - time student pursuing an mba ,  jd / mba ,  or equivalent graduate degree .         excellent quantitative / math skills and agility with numbers   high degree of accuracy and attention to detail   ability to work in a fast - paced team environment   strong computer / software skills and ability to learn new software   high academic achievement recommended   relevant work experience ,  including training in financial analysis / modeling preferred   u . s .  citizen / permanent resident required  equity research internship ,  graduate students  -  media 102533 10157 , 14368 internship 1 equity research internship ,  graduate students  -  media         you must be a full - time or part - time student pursuing an mba ,  jd / mba ,  or equivalent graduate degree .   experience and skills    excellent quantitative / math skills and agility with numbers   high degree of accuracy and attention to detail   ability to work in a fast - paced team environment   strong computer / software skills and ability to learn new software   high academic achievement recommended   relevant work experience ,  including training in financial analysis / modeling preferred   u . s .  citizen / permanent resident required  equity research internship ,  graduate students  -  media 102533 10157 , 14368 internship 1 equity research internship ,  graduate students  -  media     
   our people make the difference   the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .     for thirteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .    at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !    summer 2014 internships  ( 6 positions available )     credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  and supervision and regulation   take your accounting and finance skills to the next level as an intern in the credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  and supervision and regulation departments .  these three departments make up the scs administration whose mission is to ensure public confidence in the financial system by delivering the highest quality analysis ,  risk management and supervision practices .  as an intern you may be assigned some of the following responsibilities    analyze and ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial reports and structure reports through analysis of financial statements and application of applicable financial analysis tools ,  banking regulations ,  and accounting rules .    provide day to day operational coverage for the discount window ,  payments system risk ,  condition monitoring ,  reserves and collateral functions .  prepare financial condition reviews of banks ,  thrifts and / or credit unions within the fourth district .    participate on a collateral review for loans pledged to the federal reserve’s discount window .    assist credit risk management with ad hoc strategic priorities at the department ,  administration ,  reserve bank and / or federal reserve system level .    assist with modifications in the condition monitoring program ,  the borrower in custody program and other collateral related policies .    assist with identifying risks through monitoring and onsite reviews to promote and ensure prudent banking practices and overall financial and managerial stability .    prepare management reports and analyses relevant to a specific risk area or risk development  ( e . g .  ,  asset quality trends for district regional and community banks ,  deposit trends and interest rate exposures ,  peer comparisons for an applicable risk metrics ,  etc .  )    complete projects and ad hoc assignments  ( e . g .  ,  updating cross - district alll models ,  compiling state member bank capital stress testing activities and key parameters ,  researching basel iii developments and related fourth district implications )    participate and assist in field examination or inspection of a state member bank or bank holding company   requirements     working towards bachelor  s or master’s degree in accounting ,  economics ,  finance ,  with at least one semester of school remaining upon completion of the internship   strong academic record with a minimum grade point average of 3 . 0 .    financial analysis experience through school projects or internships   proficiency with microsoft office products ,  specifically excel and access  ( or familiarity with other data access tools )    ability to work in a deadline driven environment   ability to work both in a group setting and on an individual basis .    ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously .    solid oral and written communication skills .  you may be assigned to work in the credit risk management ,  statistics and analysis ,  or supervision and regulation departments .  please note  this position requires access to confidential supervisory information ,  access to which is limited to   protected individuals   as defined by regulation of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .  protected individuals include ,  but are not limited to ,  u . s .  citizens ,  u . s .  nationals ,  and lawful permanent resident aliens  ( also known as   green card holders   )  but do not include  ( i )  a permanent resident alien who fails to apply for naturalization within six months of the date the alien first becomes eligible to apply for naturalization and  ( ii )  an alien who has applied on a timely basis ,  but has not been naturalized as a citizen within 2 years after the date of the application ,  unless the alien can establish that the alien is actively pursuing naturalization .  if you are selected for an interview ,  you will be required to present documentation of your eligibility prior to the interview .   primary location   oh - cleveland  full - time  /  part - time   part - time  employee status   temporary  overtime status   non - exempt  job type   internship  travel   no  shift   day job  req id   233105     
 ### job summary  the u . s .  census bureau  s national processing center  ( npc )  ,  jeffersonville ,  indiana ,  is an ultramodern data processing facility featuring the latest in telecommunications and computer processing technologies to support the nation  s economic and demographic indicators .  npc is the nation  s center for collecting ,  capturing ,  and delivering timely ,  high - quality data products and services for surveys and censuses at the best value .  this vacancy is for a statistical clerk  ( telephone interviewer )  position in the jeffersonville contact center at the national processing center  ( npc )  ,  u . s .  census bureau located in jeffersonville ,  indiana .  the statistical clerk  ( telephone interviewer )  ,  performs telephone interviewing activities for the npc in connection with the census bureau  s various surveys / censuses .  applications under this vacancy will be considered under external competitive procedures only .  this vacancy is also being advertised under merit promotion procedures as npc - 2013 - 0137 ,  statistical clerk  ( telephone interviewer )  ,  gs - 1531 - 04 ,  jcc - dc - map - internal ,  which can be found at http  /  / jobsearch . usajobs . gov .  .  .  .      tour of duty    2 schedules available  sunday ,  off ,  monday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  tuesday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  wednesday ,  off ,  thursday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  friday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  saturday ,  2 00 p . m .  to 7 00 p . m .  sunday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  monday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  tuesday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  wednesday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  ,  thursday ,  off ,  friday ,  4 00 p . m .  to 9 00 p . m .  and saturday ,  off .  candidates must clear the fingerprint process and initiate the required background investigation prior to selection .  this vacancy announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies .  a one - year probationary period may be required .  relocation expenses may not be authorized .      
 review ,  summarize ,  and audit supporting revenue information relating to operating departments .  verify all revenue paperwork from various revenue centers .  book revenue and expenses to the general ledger .    must be at least 21 years of age .  high school diploma required .  experience with microsoft office products .  ability to operate standard office equipment .  ability to operate a 10 - key by touch .  detail - oriented .  must be able to obtain / maintain any necessary certifications and / or licenses .      
 students will use their background in statistics ,  research procedures ,  and survey methodology to canvas the web utilizing research sites and to develop competitive feature and pricing matrices .  students will be responsible for providing market research and data to the marketing department for development of presentation materials on existing kinze products .  much of the research will surround key issues ,  challenges ,  trends ,  and topics to support the development of marketing plans ,  solutions and strategies .  the competitive trends students discover through their product research will play a critical role within kinze’s marketing department .  required skills required experience at least one previous / relevant internship or co - op .      
 gaming flex assistant team leads  the flex assistant team leader will assist in the management and leadership of a team of exceed and / or production ccps on the xbox program ,  flexing between the assistant team lead role and the role of a ccp as business dictates .  the flex assistant team leader will follow the same set of guiding principles as a team leader .  and hold the same level of responsibility .  the flex assistant team lead may also have a holiday temp status .   ·         please be sure to send your recommendation from your team lead with your application .   ·         we will consider alpine access applicant’s from outside the program and will train the right person .   essential duties / responsibilities  u  direct management of ccp’s including schedule adherence and employee needs through appropriate communication ,  documentation and partnership with appropriate alpine access departments as well as partnership with tls in the execution of corrective action .   u  meet or exceed required qa ,  coaching ,  and performance evaluation metrics at all times  u  ensure that new ccp’s demonstrate appropriate skills and proficiency by the end of the abay period for an effective smooth transition from the training period to production .   u  assist in the management and leadership of new program hires from recruitment completion and program assignment through ccp transition to production teams following abay completion .   u  ensure that non - switch ccp time is tracked and entered accurately and in a timely manner ,  meeting payroll deadlines .   u  assist or conduct training ,  coaching ,  mentoring ,  qa ,  reporting and program communications when appropriate .   u  actively participate at qa calibration meetings  ( internal and external as needed )  .   u  actively participate at program management meetings  u  communications with management ,  coaching and ccp team via email ,  im and phone  u  provide high level troubleshooting systems performance and communication with internal help desk ,  id manager and account manager to resolve individual issues .   u on call or ad - hoc responsibilities ,  as needed  job requirements  u  must have recommendation from current team lead – please send with application  u  program specific experience not required  we will train the right individuals .   u  candidate must meet current metrics and have minimum 95% adherence .   u  must have customer service orientation at a supervisory level .   u call center supervisory experience preferred .   u must be self - managed ,  able to act quickly with sound judgment ,  and be flexible in terms of time and project assignment .   u intermediate ms office skills including excel ,  word and powerpoint  experience  u demonstrated program specific proficiency  meeting or exceeding performance expectations of position .   work environment  this is a remote  ( home - office )  position .  occasional travel may be required .   must meet the minimum home office requirements for that of an alpine access customer care professional .  this includes but is not limited to   quiet and professional environment during work periods .  dedicated work area .   pc or laptop that has  internet explorer version 6 . 0 or greater  high speed internet  dsl or cable  analog landline phone line  ( pots )   corded telephone headset  windows xp ,  vista or 7  microsoft excel ,  word and powerpoint  to apply ,  please send cover letter ,  resume and recommendation from your current team lead to corporaterecruiter@alpineaccess . com .      
 assist with research studies for the university and various community - based organizations .  clarifies objectives and helps determine appropriate approaches for meeting client needs .  conducts secondary marketing research .  designs ,  administers ,  and performs statistical analysis of surveys .  prepares written reports .  makes oral presentations to campus and community groups .       to apply ,  complete the online application and attach a resume and cover letter .   if you are hired ,  please keep in mind that you will need to complete the appropriate documents in payroll prior to being paid .   the screening of applicants will begin immediately and will remain open until filled .   wsu is an aa / eo employer .       previous research experience would be helpful .      
 responsible for executing specific activities such as sample selection ,  research ,  household data reporting ,  and assisting the group on special projects / analyses .   responsibilities   • produce weekly & monthly msci reports on panel • produce adhoc reports for internal tracking • assist group in conducting studies to answer client questions ,  respond to client concerns ,  or justify procedures and practices .  • assist group in special analyses related to kpi variances  ( key performance indicators )  .   qualifications  • current junior  -   major / minor in statistics ,  mathematics or similar field • gpa  3 . 0 or better • basic computer skills  -   experience with microsoft excel ,  word and powerpoint • strong oral and written communication skills • problem solving skills  ( deductive reasoning ,  logical thinking )   job    operations  primary location    north america - us - ny - syosset  organization    measurement science  schedule    full - time  shift    day     
 position number  fws75a  vacancy open to   unc charlotte students only  vacancy type  federal work study  position type  temporary  -  part - time  if time - limited ,  please indicate appointment end date   hours per week  up to 20  career band / role   not career banded  competency level  classification title  media relations game day student assistant  working title   media relations game day student assistant  recruitment range  does this position have a funding constraint ?   no  if yes ,  maximum budgeted salary available   flsa status  nonexempt  work schedule  ( hours / days per week )   the job involves working nights and weekends at various charlotte 49ers athletic events .  also the job may entail some weekday office hours as well .   division  athletics  department   media relations  work location  athletic fields and courts  minimum experience / education  must be a currently enrolled unc charlotte student .  additionally ,  must have been awarded ,  and accepted ,  federal work study funding as part of a financial aid package as administered by the office of student financial aid .   essential job duties  assist the charlotte 49ers athletic media relations department in publicizing 17 varsity sports .  the individual will have various gameday duties .   other work / responsibilities  departmental preferred experience ,  skills ,  training / education  necessary licenses or certifications  special notes to applicants  job open date  08 - 13 - 2013  job close date  proposed hire date  until filled  nc salary grade equivalency  n / a  months per year   9  return to search results  positiondelegate  pa_1379316853135  279156  / jsp / shared / position / jobdetails_css . jsp     
 the intern will contribute to a study of the economic values of the different kenai river fisheries that is part of an interdisciplinary project on the effects of changing climate and land use on kenai river salmon and fisheries .  applicants will be expected to assist with gathering data and information for the period 1950 to the present on    -  revenues from kenai river fisheries   -  employment in kenai river fisheries   -  user numbers for kenai river fisheries .   applicants may also be expected to undertake a literature review on non - market valuation ,  and to assist in the preparation and design of experimental economic approaches for this study .    experience with econometric or quantitative social science methods  familiarity with ms word ,  ms excel ,  and stata  ( or other statistics software )  preferred  an interest in salmon fisheries for alaskan communities helpful .  an economics or social science major preferred .    please submit a resume ,  cover letter and 3 references .  if you do not have a resume ,  you may download the resume templates on the   attach documents   page .      
 title  sales clerk  ( cameras / video games )  location  united states - hawaii - honolulu job number  130002v6   electronic retail experience preferred job summary sells general merchandise to customers exercising professional selling techniques .  works as part of a sales team to provide service which anticipates and exceeds customer expectations .  duties and responsibilities greets ,  and engages customers in conversation for purposes of providing sales related assistance .  assists in the selection of merchandise ,  and suggests additional items to complement the customer  s selections .  where applicable ,  offers customers the opportunity to purchase extended product warrantees .  explains coverage ,  benefits ,  and price .   -  interacts with customers and coworkers in a friendly and professional manner ,  which includes adhering to nex dress code / uniform standards ,  and assisting / supporting sales team members to the maximum extent possible .   -  becomes knowledgeable regarding merchandise selected  including proper set - up ,  use ,  care ,  characteristics of various product price points ,  warrantee coverage ,  etc .  communicates product - related information to customers knowledgeably and legibly .   -  ensures assigned areas are fully stocked ,  and merchandise is neatly arranged .  communicates with supervisor ,  store manager ,  etc .  regarding stock additions ,  deletions ,  fast and slow selling merchandise ,  customer preferences ,  needs ,  problems ,  etc .  participates in department meetings and actively seeks to exchange ideas regarding improvements in customer service ,  job performance ,  achievement of store / department sales goals ,  etc .   -  completes sales transactions efficiently .  thanks customers for their patronage .   -  as required ,  performs cash register transactions .  performs all types of cash register transactions  ( cash ,  charge ,  check ,  gift certificates ,  layaway ,  etc .  )  in an accurate and procedurally correct manner .   -  advises customers of upcoming sales events ,  and services available throughout the navy exchange  such as gift wrapping ,  engraving ,  delivery ,  gift certificates ,  etc .  offers customers the opportunity to open a nexcard account and informs customers of nexcard account benefits .   -  becomes knowledgeable in nex store policies including richter merchandising system functions and operation ,  merchandise returns ,  price matching ,  check cashing ,  rain checks ,  etc .  handles customer returns and problems tactfully and efficiently .  applies store policies consistently and intelligently ,  ensuring customer satisfaction as the end result .   -  maintains a high level of awareness in assigned areas and offers excellent customer service to all patrons  ( internal and external )  in order to deter theft .   -  unpacks ,  stages ,  and moves merchandise as assigned .  assists in creating store displays and in performing periodic inventories .   -  completes paperwork associated with merchandise / inventory movement ,  price adjustments ,  customer returns ,  cash register operation ,  etc .  accurately and completely .   -  eligible for and participates in applicable commission and gainsharing sales incentive programs .   -  performs other related duties as assigned qualifications  no experience required .  high school graduate or equivalent preferred .      
 game development software engineering intern  -  719582 description during your summer internship ,  you will be working with the team who enables the video games of tomorrow across intel platforms .  as an intern on our team you will work alongside aes to work with some of the best game teams in the industry and will be exposed to techniques for optimization ,  debugging and adding new features to games that highlight intel platforms .  your internship will include ,  but not be limited to   -  analyzing performance of video game workloads on current and upcoming intel based platforms  -  developing sample code illustrating best practices for the latest intel platforms  -  work across multiple intel based platforms on windows and android operating systems  -  creating technical presentations for internal and external presentations  -  proven presentation skills qualifications bachelor s degree in computer science or equivalent 3+ months of work or educational experience with the following   -  experience with c / c++ a must  -  experience with directx ,  opengl ,  android ,  microsoft windows ,  cuda ,  opencl is helpful  -  must play or make video games  -  gpgpu ,  gpu or graphics programming experience  -  gpgpu ,  gpu or graphics programming coursework job category  software engineering primary location  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  sep 11 ,  2013 apply before  sep 11 ,  2014 business group the intel software and services group  ( ssg )  connects intel to the worldwide software community .  ssg strives to bring competitive advantage to intel platforms by helping independent software vendors ,  operating system developers ,  oems ,  channel members and systems integrators deliver exceptional customer value and achieve differentiation on intel® processor technologies .  ssg provides global leadership to the software community through its technical expertise ,  industry enabling activities ,  and developer products and programs .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 what you’ll do team you will work side by side with kabam’s engineers in a cohesive studio format that has close contact across ,  art ,  sound ,  and product teams .  engineers sit in long open table format to encourage conversation and teamwork while developing .  you will participate in regular meetings that provide updates on progress and define new priorities .  day to day you will be assigned a senior mentor who will get you up to speed quickly so that you can learn as much as possible and contribute to the success of the team .  kabam is an active environment where you will be treated as a team member and expected to contribute each day of your internship .  program during your internship you will participate in  orientation and welcome dinner personal project  ( assigned by mentor )  team building exercises technology workshop  ( classroom style learning of new technology )  career progression interns who excel have the opportunity to continue working part - time during their senior year and or receive a full - time offer to join kabam after graduation .  requirements must be finishing junior or senior year of an undergraduate program or in a graduate program must be working toward computer science degree  ( or equivalent )  must be open to learning in a team environment and willing to take on responsibility for your own projects possible technologies you will be utilizing during internship ruby ,  rails flash ,  actionscript javascript ,  node . js unity ,  c# php mysql ,  redis ,  mongodb benefits paid internship daily catered lunches free snacks ,  drinks ,  etc .  access to onsite ping - pong ,  foosball ,  and tons of video games .  relocation interns must be able to work in our san francisco office .  the intern is responsible for own relocation and housing .  timeline interviews – november  /  december offers – february 2014 start – june 2014 end – august 2014     
 internship  ( finance / economics )   -  corpus christi ,  tx job id  20130703 - 6886 description  scottrade ,  inc . has abranch internposition available incorpus christi ,  tx . the main purpose of this position is to assist branches with daily operations while gaining valuable work experience in the brokerage industry .  responsibilities    listen to and shadow brokers in the office to see how they conduct business with clients .    act as a representative of scottrade to clients that come directly to the branch for assistance .    become familiar with different departments and their functions .    provide technical support for clients accessing scottrade  s trading platforms .    utilize quote system to communicate information regarding stocks to clients .    process stock certificates and deposits ,  prepare paperwork for overnight delivery to st .  louis ,  and process branch mail .    understand and be able to communicate different types of client accounts .    navigate through the internal systems and become familiar with their uses .    complete internal training program through scottrade university .    participate in team building activities within the branch .    become proficient with the microsoft office suite .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities    ability to work an average of 15 - 30 hours per week and no more than 8 hours per day .    basic level proficiency with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and outlook .    foster company success through a professional appearance ,  being courteous to customers and all scottrade associates and by having a positive attitude .  education and experience    high school diploma or equivalent .    currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and attend classes at a local university with interests in business and the stock market .    have completed 50 - 70 hours of required coursework and have a balance of no fewer than 48 hours remaining towards their bachelor’s degree  ( 1 - 2 years of college remaining )  .    performing within the college’s acceptable gpa level .  scottrade ,  inc .  ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to inclusion and a diverse workforce .  requirements  languages english  ?  spoken ,  english  ?  written location tx  -  corpus christi     
 type’s correspondence ,  memos ,  reports and other materials .  proofreads same for spelling and grammatical errors before finalizing .   schedules appointments of immediate supervisor .   screens incoming calls and routes all incoming communications to persons concerned  disseminates memos ,  correspondence ,  etc .   entertains visitors ,  ascertains nature of business and refers to immediate supervisor or appropriate persons .   maintains confidential files of the department and sample books of marketing collateral’s ,  print ads ,  outdoor posters and scripts as well as print shop forms .   maintains and regularly updates logbook of coupons and other promotional and property informational materials .   maintains the office supplies of the department .  makes requisitions to replenish the same as necessary .   sees to the maintenance of all office equipment and furniture of the department .  coordinates with maintenance for the needed repairs .   takes down minutes in meetings  assists in the preparation of materials ,  audio visuals and refreshments as needed .   keeps storage areas of marketing materials and work area clean and orderly at all times .   inputs all department expenses in the computer and generates a monthly report of the department budget .  performs other duties as may be assigned .       minimum employment requirements  the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge ,  skill and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job .    21 years of age ,  proof of authorization / eligibility to work in the us  .   high school diploma or equivalent .   ability to communicate effectively in a positive / upbeat fashion utilizing english  both in oral and written form ,   interpersonal skills with focused attention to guest needs to deal effectively with all business contacts ,  maintain a professional ,  neat and well - groomed ,  professional appearance ,  maintain consistent adherence to guest service standards .   must be able to work varied shifts ,  including weekends and holidays  1 to 2 years related experience and / or training .   must be able to obtain a gaming registration .   must be willing to work a flexible schedule due to various casino marketing functions .   must be computer literate ,  working knowledge of ms word ,  excel .   must be able to handle a heavy call volume on a daily basis .   must be able to handle various pressure situations and guest issues as they arise with a friendly ,  problem - solving attitude .   ability to effectively present information ,  respond to questions from groups ,  players ,  managers ,  clients ,  customers and the general public .   ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written ,  oral ,  diagram or schedule form  ability to write routine reports  ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of the organization  ability to add ,  subtract ,  multiply and divide in all units of measure .   required to regularly sit and walk  use hands to handle objects and operate a computer ,  and occasionally lift and / or move objects up to 50 pounds .  the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate .      
 the federal reserve bank of chicago is one of 12 regional reserve banks in the united states .  these banks ,  along with the board of governors in washington ,  d . c .  ,  make up the nation s central bank ,  which is dedicated to fostering a sound economy and stable financial system .  the primary purpose of the leu admin extra help within the federal reserve bank of chicago is to support project work and the training functions of the federal reserve law enforcement department through the following responsibilities   • provide collaborative support to leu related projects and training duties • assist in researching ,  collecting ,  analyzing ,  and interpreting relevant data • coordinate meetings  ( develop agendas ,  organize logistics ,  etc .  )  • communicate with multiple business units within the bank for relevant project and training purposes • develop written communications and reports that include security briefings ,  memos ,  emails ,  and budgetary data • review of current processes ,  recommendation and vetting of proposed improvement and implementation of selected improvements • organize data records  develop and update databases  create spreadsheets in ms excel • generate and run reports while supporting other administrative functions  qualifications  • currently pursuing a bachelor s degree in related field • ability to multi - task and successfully balance multiple assignments simultaneously • high attention to detail • communication – excellent oral and written communications • strong organizational skills • ability to work in both individual and team environments  effectively able to seek out and extract the critical information needed to work independently and get tasks completed • strong analytical and evaluative skills and being able to understand and process data and recommend improvements • professional demeanor • project management experience preferred • must be proficient with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and powerpoint     
 penn national gaming has thrilled and entertained guests since 1971 when it all began as a horse racing venue .  from a single race track ,  we have grown to be one of the nation’s largest gaming companies ,  operating properties that offer broad and diverse gaming and pari - mutuel wagering experiences .   penn is dedicated to becoming the undisputed leader in guest service by offering a red carpet experience for each and every guest .    summary the entry clerk takes entries from owners ,  trainers ,  agents or other authorized persons and performs those duties related to assembling all pertinent information and aid in producing an overnight .   used the rto racing software to input entries into specified races listed for that entry days race card .   insures integrity at time of entry by keeping all entries confidential in order to assist in reaching profitability ,  guest satisfaction ,  workforce strength and compliance goals .  .   essential duties & responsibilities promote and maintain all steps of the red carpet customer service program with each patron and employee you may come in contact with  ( eye contact ,  hi -  greeting ,  goodbye as a departure ) clocks and records work out times of horses during training to race a specified distanceobserves signal for official start and activates stopwatch to time work outobserves horse crossing markers denoting fractional parts and finish line of work outs to note  and record time elapsedcompares recorded results with those obtained by automatic electronic timer and reports differences to racing officialswrites daily report of name of horse and fractional and total time required for each work out to submit to track officialsstands at the gap by the race track  and collects work out cards from horsemen – immediately reports via radio to the upstairs head clocker horses name ,  trainer ,  distance to be worked and any significant markings or colorings to help identify horse being workedmaintains all work out cards and brings them to the racing office daily to match with eaheahead clockers work tabpresents oneself as a credit to the company and encourages others to do the sameadhere to all departments / company / racing commission policies and procedures performs all other related and compatible duties as assignedthis position has no supervisory responsibilities .    qualifications to perform the job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .   the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .   reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  must be a minimum of 18 years of agemust qualify for licensing with the new mexico racing commissionhigh school diploma or ged1 - 3 months previous experience or combination of experience and educationsome pre - existing knowledge of horse racing and related terminology preferredmust have the ability to read ,  write and speak english .   bi - lingual  ( spanish )  a plus but not requiredmust have the ability to add ,  subtract ,  multiply and divide in all units of measure ,  using whole numbers ,  common fractions ,  and decimelsmust have the ability to compute rate ,  ratio and percentmust have the ability to read and comprehend simple instructions ,  short correspondence and memosmust have the ability to write simple correspondencemust possess excellent interpersonal and employee relations skillsability to respond calmly and make rational decisions in stressful situations with co - workers ,  guests and vendorsability to work as part of a team and to promote cooperative approach between departmentsability to work unsupervised physical demandsthe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job .   reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  physically mobile with reasonable accommodations including ability to push ,  pull ,  carry and lift up to 10 lbs .  ,  and the ability to push ,  pull ,  reach ,  bend ,  twist ,  stoop ,  stack ,  crouch ,  kneel and balance when performing job duties in varying work areas such as confined spaces . the employee frequently is required to stand  walk  use hands to finger ,  handle ,  or feel  reach with hands and arms  and talk or hear .   must be able to walk / stand duration of shift . vision requirements include  close vision ,  distance vision ,  color vision ,  peripheral vision ,  depth perception and ability to adjust focus .   work environmentthe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this position .   reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential function .  the noise level in the work environment is usually loud .  exposure to unrestricted second - hand smoke in guest areas . frequent exposure to outdoor weather conditions .      
 title  game development software engineering intern location  usa - oregon ,  hillsboro job number  719582 during your summer internship ,  you will be working with the team who enables the video games of tomorrow across intel platforms .  as an intern on our team you will work alongside aes to work with some of the best game teams in the industry and will be exposed to techniques for optimization ,  debugging and adding new features to games that highlight intel platforms .  your internship will include ,  but not be limited to    analyzing performance of video game workloads on current and upcoming intel based platforms   developing sample code illustrating best practices for the latest intel platforms   work across multiple intel based platforms on windows and android operating systems   creating technical presentations for internal and external presentations   proven presentation skills qualifications  bachelor s degree in computer science or equivalent 3 months of work or educational experience with the following    experience with c / c a must   experience with directx ,  opengl ,  android ,  microsoft windows ,  cuda ,  opencl is helpful   must play or make video games   gpgpu ,  gpu or graphics programming experience   gpgpu ,  gpu or graphics programming coursework job category  software engineering full / part time  full time job type  student / intern     
 opportunities are open !  begin a challenging career with the u . s .  department of labor  ( dol )  ,  and you will help shape the workforce of tomorrow .   dol offers rewarding opportunities to contribute to a noble mission  to serve and protect american workers ,  prepare them for new and better jobs ,  and to ensure the safety and fairness of american workplaces .   the department of labor values its customers .  every dol employee is responsible for delivering good customer service through accurate ,  courteous ,  efficient and effective transactions .   this position is part time only and does not lead to full time .  hourly rate of this position is $15 . 34 to $19 . 94 per hour .   economic assistants are paid this hourly rate depending on the number of scheduled hours .  this position is a permanent part - time position .   some weekend or evening hours will be required .  the weekly hours of work vary ,  but are expected to average 16 - 32 hours per week .  the average weekly and / or total hours may increase or decrease .  note   work in retail stores must be completed during normal business hours .  the position requires travel throughout pricing areas in phoenix and surrounding cities in maricopa county ,  including neighborhoods of all economic types .  this position has promotion potential to the gs - 07 .   promotion potential   there is no obligations to provide future promotions to you if you are selected .   future promotions are dependent on your ability to perform the duties at a higher level ,  the continuing need for an employee assigned to the higher level ,  and supervisory approval .  this position is inside the bargaining unit .  at least one  ( 1 )  position will be filled through this vacancy .   if additional vacancies become available ,  additional selections will be made .  relocation costs will not be paid   incumbent is responsible for the collection of primary data for the consumer price index  ( cpi )  .  economic assistants collect prices and related statistical data on a wide variety of commodities ,  services ,  and housing for the bls consumer price index .   data for commodities and services are collected by conducting personal and telephone interviews with store managers and buyers ,  managers in auto dealerships ,  doctors ,  pharmacists ,  and other professionals .   data for the housing survey are obtained by personal visit or telephone interview with either property managers ,  tenants ,  or home owners .   duties include ,  but are not limited to   visiting retail and service establishments such as department stores ,  supermarkets ,  medical offices and hotels to collect retail price data  contacting homeowners ,  renters ,  and apartment management companies by personal visit to neighborhood and follow up telephone interviews  and collecting and entering data on a hand held computer and obtaining voluntary cooperation from survey responders .   the position requires travel throughout pricing areas of phoenix and surrounding cities in maricopa county including neighborhoods of all economic types .  during the first year ,  travel to washington office is necessary for training .  there will be 1 two - week trip ,  and 1 one - week trip .  additional travel outside of local area may be necessary ,  as needed ,  for training .    applicants must have one  ( 1 )  year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs - 4 level or successful completion of a full 4 -  year course study with major study in economics ,  or 24 semester hours in any combination of courses such as business law ,  statistics ,  algebra ,  pre calculus ,  calculus ,  or economics .  specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position ,  and that is typically in or related to the position to be filled .  specialized experience must demonstrate the applicant s ability to perform research or related work that involved collecting ,  compiling ,  verifying ,  analyzing ,  or reporting data .  direct contact with ,  and direct sales to the public is a plus .  examples of qualifying experience may include   significant experience in retail sales ,  cold - calling sales ,  real estate sales or management ,  survey or marketing work ,  interviews or in take workers ,  jobs or volunteer experience that required detail record keeping ,  jobs or volunteer experience that required oral persuasion skills ,  jobs or volunteer experience that involved public contact .   examples of specialized experience include   -  experience with directly collecting surveys ,  e . g .  , census ,  fund raising   -  experience in retail environments ,  such as clerks in large grocery stores and associates in large retail outlets   -  specific knowledge of a wide variety of assorted products and or service ( s )  offered by an outlet   -  knowledge of products and service specifications   -  real estate experience in selling and public outreach ,  e . g .  ,  open house showings   -  specific knowledge of area sales and housing stock ,  pricing and customer base   -  general knowledge of constantly changing consumer marketing practices   -  knowledge consumer product and service terminology and characteristics   -  using good skill in communicating ,  both orally and in writing and using personal computers and application such as windows - based software application ,  email and the internet .  for additional information ,  refer to the office of personnel management operating manual for qualification standards ,  group coverage qualifications standards for technical and medical support position .   if you wish to use your education as a basis for meeting the eligibility and / or minimum qualification requirements for this position ,  you must submit academic transcripts demonstrating that you meet the qualifying educational requirements .   if specific course work is required to fulfill the eligibility and / or minimum qualification requirements ,  you must supply transcripts from each academic institution in which the required courses were taken in order to receive credit for that course work .   see the  qualifications and evaluations  section of this announcement for more details .   if you do not submit sufficient academic documentation necessary to demonstrate that you meet the eligibility and minimum qualification requirements described in this announcement ,  your application will be deemed incomplete and you will be ineligible for further consideration for this vacancy .   college transcript and evaluation of foreign education  -  the department of labor does not recognize academic degrees from unauthorized secondary schools or post - secondary institutions that are not accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the department of education .   any applicant falsely claiming an academic degree from an accredited school will be subject to actions ranging from disqualification from federal employment to removal from federal service .  if your education was completed at a foreign college or university ,  you must show comparability to education received in accredited educational institutions in the united states and comparability to applicable minimum course work requirements for this position .    click evaluation of foreign education for more information .   applicants must meet all legal ,  regulatory ,  and qualifications requirements by the closing date of the vacancy announcement to be eligible for consideration for selection .   how you will be evaluated   if you meet the minimum qualification requirements for this position ,  you will be evaluated against the evaluation factors noted below and will be placed into one of the following quality categories based on your responses to the vacancy questions .  categories category a  -  meets the basic qualification requirements for the vacancy announcement and has successful experience in the same or similar job that has demonstrated superior proficiency in applying knowledge ,  skill ,  and ability in the critical competencies for this position to work of increased levels of difficulty and complexity .  category b  -  meets the basic qualification requirements for the vacancy announcement and demonstrates satisfactory proficiency in the critical competencies for this position .  category c  -  meets the specialized experience outlined in the minimum qualifications requirements section of the vacancy announcement and demonstrates proficiency in the basic competencies required for this position .  evaluation factors  -  all qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies  ( click evaluation tools for information )   decision making and problem solving  -  employs strategic and critical approaches to decision - making and / or problem solving ,  e . g .  identifying ,  and considering issues / problems ,  determining accuracy and relevance of information ,  as well as generating ,  identifying ,  evaluating ,  and implementing alternative solution approaches ,  to resolve issues / problems ,  deliver services and provide value .  interpersonal skills  -  shows understanding ,  professionalism ,  courtesy ,  tact ,  empathy ,  concern ,  and politeness ,  even with individuals who are difficult ,  hostile ,  or distressed .  demonstrates team effectiveness with sensitivity to the differences of others ,  e . g .  diversity ,  race ,  gender ,  disabilities ,  and other individual differences .   writing  -  uses correct english grammar ,  punctuation ,  and spelling to communicate information  ( for example ,  facts ,  ideas ,  or messages )  in a clear ,  succinct and organized manner .  composes written information ,  which may include technical material ,  that is appropriate for the intended audience .  technology application and management  -  uses machine ,  tools ,  or equipment effectively  uses computers and computer application to analyze and communicate information in the appropriate format .  the information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and / or education ,  by checking references and through other means ,  such as the interview process .  the examining human resources office  ( hro )  makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings .  it is essential that your resume provide sufficient information to substantiate your responses in the self - assessment vacancy questions .  if your responses are not adequately substantiated by your resume ,  the hro will amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency that is indicated by the content of your resume .  your evaluation may also include a review by a human resources specialist or panel and may include other assessments such as an interview .  information for ictap / ctap eligibles only  if you meet the eligibility requirements for special priority selection under ictap / ctap you must be well - qualified for the position to receive consideration for special priority selection .  ictap / ctap eligibles who are placed into category b or higher will be considered   well - qualified   for priority selection purposes .  click application of veterans preference for category rating jobs for more information .  to preview questions please click here .          follow the 5 steps below to apply .   your application and all required supplemental documents must be received by 11 59 pm eastern time  ( et )  on the vacancy closing date to be considered .   paper applications and supplemental documents submitted in any other manner without prior approval from the vacancy contact will not be considered .   for more details ,  click how to apply detailed instructions document  .   for help ,  refer to the vacancy contact in the   questions about this job   section .   save your information before the 30 minute timeout !   step 1  -  create usajobs account ,  including resume and saved documents your resume must provide sufficient information to substantiate your responses in the self - assessment vacancy questions .   if not ,  the hro may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the competency indicated by resume content .   step 2  -  answer vacancy questions  ( doors )  click the apply online button ,  which is available when you search for a job on www . usajobs . gov ,  click on the title and proceed .   step 3  -  submit supplemental documents submit the required documents  ( only if applicable to you )  specified in the   required documents   section of this vacancy by the close date .   for details  click how to submit supplemental documentation document .   warning  if you submit a document using the same document title ,  the 2nd submission will overwrite the 1st submission .  step 4  -  review application and click finish  click here to submit an updated resume after initial application . step 5  -  edit application as needed by 11 59 pm et of close date  required documents   the following documents must be submitted by 11 59 p . m .   ( et )  on the vacancy closing date .  follow the instructions  click how to submit supplemental documentation document .   you are not required to submit a document if it does not apply to you .  warning  if you submit a document using the same document title ,  the 2nd submission will overwrite the 1st submission .   also ,  do not upload password protected documents .    -  veterans documents  ( if applicable )   to be considered as a 5 - point preference eligible ,  you must submit a copy of your certificate of release or discharge from active duty ,  dd214 .  your dd - 214 must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty .   to claim 10 - point preference ,  you must submit a copy of your dd214  an application for 10 - point veteran s preference ,  sf15  and the proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally an official statement ,  dated 1991 or later ,  from the department of veterans affairs certifying to the present existence of the service - connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability .   ( for active duty service members expecting to be honorably discharged or released within 120 days ,  click active duty )   without this documentation ,  you will not receive veteran s preference .   for more information ,  go to  http  /  / www . fedshirevets . gov .  .  .    -  displaced employee placement documents  -  only required if requesting priority consideration under ctap or ictap eligibility .    -  cover letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience ,  but may be submitted  applicants selected for employment who are not current dol employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship ,  and the e - verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires .   agency contact info   tony ozuna phone  415 - 625 - 2368 fax  000 - 000 - 0000 tdd  866 - 377 - 8642 email  fed - jobs - san@dol . gov  agency information  labor ,  bureau of labor statistics 90  -  7th street suite 12 - 300 san francisco ,  ca 94103 us fax  000 - 000 - 0000  what to expect next   once your complete application is received ,  we will conduct an evaluation of your qualifications and refer candidates for selection consideration .   candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for further consideration and possible interview .   you will be notified of the outcome .   a selection is expected to be made within 30 calendar days from the issuance date of the certificate .   to check the status of your application  click here .   to sign up for application status updates via email  click here .      
 provide customer service within the players club by enrolling new members and servicing existing members .  assist guests with accounts ,  point redemption ,  promotion entries ,  and any other questions to ensure favorable gaming experience .    must be at least 18 years of age .  high school diploma or equivalent .  strong customer service and interpersonal skills .  working knowledge of computers and player tracking system .  strong written and verbal skills .  must be able to obtain / maintain any necessary licenses and / or certifications .      
 sapling learning is an industry innovator in the field of interactive online homework for higher education and k - 12 levels .  the future sees us expanding our product offerings to incorporate ebook ,  stem and other content and media .  we continue to hire the best and brightest to build our catalog of content ,  working hand in hand with clients to achieve the best results .  to keep up with the creative pace ,  we recently moved into a larger office in downtown austin to accommodate staff growth .  the economics content developer and support representative is responsible for writing clear questions and solutions of varying difficulties ,  which test students understanding and application of concepts  ( economics )  .  s / he will author hints ,  solutions and feedback that provide insightful diagnosis of student mistakes and misconceptions and coach students toward mastery .  content developer and support representative will input the questions ,  hints ,  solutions ,  and feedback into sapling learning’s interactive online homework product .  s / he will revise work based upon feedback from other subject matter experts .  s / he will be responsible for reviewing work written by other content authors and providing constructive criticism and guidance to those authors .  major responsibilities  · to create various types of questions written from matching to numeric entry to multiple choice to drawn structures · he /  she must produce feedback which provides clarification for the common mistakes and misconceptions of the students write questions and solutions of varying difficulties ,  which test students understanding and application of concepts  ( economics )  · review and revise questions to ensure accuracy inputting questions ,  hints ,  solutions and feedback into the software · develop and cultivate a positive client relationship by supporting the instructor ,  individualize settings provide and general assistance as they navigate the site · reply promptly to questions via phone and / or email required skills  /  knowledge  · experience teaching micro ,  macro or intermediate economics and writing original homework or test questions · a strong desire to improve the learning process and see students succeed in their economics classes must have a thorough understanding of how to construct questions that move learners toward critical thinking excellent verbal and written communication skills · strong computer skills and the ability to learn new systems quickly previous experience using online homework preferred educational background required  m . s .  in economics or phd in economics please upload resume and include salary history by clicking on this link https  /  / re21 . ultipro . com .  .  .      
 our 2d illustrators and game designers are tasked with creating and manipulating art assets for the apps and games we develop .  throughout the mobile app development process they’re expected to interact with clients in a friendly and personable manner ,  be able to iterate multiple versions of work quickly in accordance to the client’s feedback ,  and work with our programmers to ensure all assets are integrated correctly .  if you’re looking to test yourself over a wide range of styles and want to work with a diverse group of artists who boast complimentary skills ,  then you’ll find yourself right at home here !  qualifications photoshop and illustrator proficiency all of our 2d illustrator candidates are expected to be proficient with photoshop and illustrator .  2d design background we re looking for a background in 2d design and graphic design .  mobile experience is a plus .  flexible style our illustrators can work on a number of projectrs at a time so they need to be     
 the economics content developer and support representative is responsible for writing clear questions and solutions of varying difficulties ,  which test students understanding and application of concepts  ( economics )  .  s / he will author hints ,  solutions and feedback that provide insightful diagnosis of student mistakes and misconceptions and coach students toward mastery .  content developer and support representative will input the questions ,  hints ,  solutions ,  and feedback into sapling learning’s interactive online homework product .  s / he will revise work based upon feedback from other subject matter experts .  s / he will be responsible for reviewing work written by other content authors and providing constructive criticism and guidance to those authors .   major responsibilities  · to create various types of questions written from matching to numeric entry to multiple choice to drawn structures · he /  she must produce feedback which provides clarification for the common mistakes and misconceptions of the students write questions and solutions of varying difficulties ,  which test students understanding and application of concepts  ( economics )  · review and revise questions to ensure accuracy inputting questions ,  hints ,  solutions and feedback into the software · develop and cultivate a positive client relationship by supporting the instructor ,  individualize settings provide and general assistance as they navigate the site · reply promptly to questions via phone and / or email  requirements required skills  /  knowledge  · experience teaching micro ,  macro or intermediate economics and writing original homework or test questions · a strong desire to improve the learning process and see students succeed in their economics classes must have a thorough understanding of how to construct questions that move learners toward critical thinking excellent verbal and written communication skills · strong computer skills and the ability to learn new systems quickly previous experience using online homework preferred  ?  educational background required  m . s .  in economics or phd in economics     
 attention students !  would you like to earn some spending money while having fun ?  do you enjoy playing games and other recreational activities with elementary - age children ?  this is a great opportunity to earn cash and gain some on - the - job skills !  hourly position  ( less than 15 hours per week )  summary  work in a child care program for kindergarten and elementary age students .  help maintain a safe ,  structured ,  and positive environment for the children by helping with games ,  craft activities ,  sports ,  and other activities .  encourage learning ,  sharing ,  socializing ,  and other skill development .  minimum requirements  prefer minimum of 16 years of age or older ,  but willing to consider 14 -  or 15 - year - old students .  must be responsible and able to follow direction .  department of labor work permit form signed by student s parent / step parent or legal guardian and accompanied by child s proof of age .  compensation  this is a part - time position working during the day when school is not in session .  this is a non - benefited position .  to apply  visit our website at www . juneauschools . org / hr  .      
 the federal reserve bank of chicago is one of 12 regional reserve banks in the united states .  these banks ,  along with the board of governors in washington ,  d . c .  ,  make up the nation s central bank ,  which is dedicated to fostering a sound economy and stable financial system .  the primary purpose of the leu admin extra help within the federal reserve bank of chicago is to support project work and the training functions of the federal reserve law enforcement department through the following responsibilities   • provide collaborative support to leu related projects and training duties • assist in researching ,  collecting ,  analyzing ,  and interpreting relevant data • coordinate meetings  ( develop agendas ,  organize logistics ,  etc .  )  • communicate with multiple business units within the bank for relevant project and training purposes • develop written communications and reports that include security briefings ,  memos ,  emails ,  and budgetary data • review of current processes ,  recommendation and vetting of proposed improvement and implementation of selected improvements • organize data records  develop and update databases  create spreadsheets in ms excel • generate and run reports while supporting other administrative functions  qualifications  • currently pursuing a bachelor s degree in related field • ability to multi - task and successfully balance multiple assignments simultaneously • high attention to detail • communication – excellent oral and written communications • strong organizational skills • ability to work in both individual and team environments  effectively able to seek out and extract the critical information needed to work independently and get tasks completed • strong analytical and evaluative skills and being able to understand and process data and recommend improvements • professional demeanor • project management experience preferred • must be proficient with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and powerpoint     
 job description reflection media ,  inc .  has an opening in our companys internship program for an unpaid position offering hands on experience as part of a marketing team launching independent films ,  mobile games ,  comics ,  and pop up events for an award - winning independent movie writer and producer .  we are an emerging independent production company that works in feature films and new media .  in this internship ,  you will receive valuable experience in this growing facet of marketing .  qualifications the successful candidate is hungry ,  takes initiative ,  and can work under a strategic marketing plan .  qualifications & requirements great organizational and communication skills .  ability to track team workflow .  must be detail - oriented ,  service - oriented and resourceful .  excellent writing ability .  additional information you must be available at least 12 hours per week ,  be willing to work from home ,  and make a three month commitment .  start date  immediate .  please send your resume to  murderland2013@gmail . com     
 the university of virginia department of economics seeks applications to fill non - tenure track instructional positions during the 2013 - 2014 academic year .  subject areas of particular need include ,  but are not limited to undergraduate micro economics and econometrics .  compensation will take the form of wages .  a terminal degree is expected but not required .  candidates must have a strong commitment to teaching .  applications will be considered immediately .   to apply ,  please complete a candidate profile online ,  search position number 0611892 through jobs@uva  ( https  /  / jobs . virginia . edu )  ,  and electronically attach the following  a current cv ,  cover letter ,  and complete contact information for three professional references .   questions regarding this position should be directed to  john pepper university of virginia ,  professor of economics jvp3m@virginia . edu 434 - 924 - 3402  questions regarding the online application process should be directed to  michael weis ,  business supervisor university of virginia ,  department of economics mcw8y@virginia . edu 434 - 924 - 6590  the university will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment .   the university of virginia is an affirmative action .  .  .  .       the university of virginia may require criminal history background check as a condition of employment .    university human resources strives to identify applicants who will contribute as high potential employees ,  leaders and managers .  we employ individuals who foster and promote the university mission and purpose .  successful candidates exemplify uncommon integrity  they are honest ,  trusted ,  team - oriented and live the core values of the university .  these candidates display great judgment ,  by practicing evidence - based decision - making .  they are strategically focused by contributing to and achieving department goals and vision .  they set high performance standards and hold themselves accountable by aggressively executing these standards .  these employees also develop a deep passion for the university and the impact it has on students ,  faculty ,  alumni and community .  successful candidates identify their personal career goals and development opportunities .  they contribute to team success by leading talent through individual efforts .      
 position objective  ksl radio sports internship is a 12 week educational opportunity .  we are seeking an individual with a strong interest in radio broadcasting as it relates to sports .  you will have an opportunity to be involved with the daily operations of the ksl sports team .  position requirements  assignments might include  conduct audio interviews for broadcast and online productions  attend byu practice sessions and - or post - practice interview sessions  write for broadcast and online reports  assistance at weekly byu coach s shows  audio archiving  byu broadcast production assistance  ( in - week and on game day )   development of writing and reporting techniques .  background - requirements  • registered student at a college - university eligible for academic credit .  internship is unpaid .  • prefer someone working toward a career in broadcast journalism or the equivalent .  • schedule tbd a 20 hours per week including at least four hours on all byu basketball game days .  for more information ,  or to apply now ,  you must go to the website below .  please do not email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website .  http  -  - ksl . applicantpro . com - jobs - 43138 - 14227 . html     
assist economics professor with scholarly research .       strong background in economics and statistics .     
 arenanet offers a one - year ,  paid internship program taking place on - site in the company s studio facilities in bellevue ,  wa .  we re very serious about programming ,  and we created this initiative to help young programmers develop the skills necessary for success in the game industry .  we seek programmers who have talent and a high degree of motivation ,  and only lack one thing  work experience .   features of the program    small cohort .  work and learn with a tight - knit team of motivated engineers .    professional environment .  hone your skills on - site in the arenanet studios ,  working alongside top industry professionals in a dedicated workspace .    meaningful work .  you ll be tasked with a variety of programming assignments that contribute to the success of the company .    hourly stipend .  compensation is a $14 per hour stipend .    regular work hours .  work monday through friday during usual business hours for the duration of the year - long program .    idyllic location in the pacific northwest .  enrollees are expected to relocate to the bellevue ,  wa area at their own expense .  bellevue is in the beautiful greater seattle area ,  which offers a wide range of cultural and natural activities .   requirements    demonstrable experience with c++   highly motivated ,  self - starting ,  creative thinker   reliably able to create good quality ,  performance - minded code  bonuses    experience writing memory - efficient algorithms   experience working with networking apis   experience writing file streaming system   experience porting code  disclaimer  this is not an internship - to - hire program .  we’re not guaranteeing jobs to any intern in the program ,  but you will emerge from the program with an arsenal of professional skills ,  an incredible portfolio ,  and an invaluable experience under your belt .   code test  all enrollees are required to take our programming internship code test ,  located here  http  /  / istest . co .  .  .  if a candidate fails to complete the test ,  they will be unable to be considered for the position .      
 ### job summary    opportunities are open !    begin a challenging career with the u . s .  department of labor  ( dol )  ,  and you will help shape the workforce of tomorrow .  dol offers rewarding opportunities to contribute to a noble mission  to serve and protect american workers ,  prepare them for new and better jobs ,  and to ensure the safety and fairness of american workplaces .  the department of labor values its customers .  every dol employee is responsible for delivering good customer service through accurate ,  courteous ,  efficient and effective transactions .    this position is part time only and does not lead to full time .     hourly rate of this position is $15 . 34 to $19 . 94 per hour .  economic assistants are paid this hourly rate depending on the number of scheduled hours .     this position is a permanent part - time position .    some weekend or evening hours will be required .  the weekly hours of work vary ,  but are expected to average 16 - 32 hours per week .  the average weekly and / or total hours may increase or decrease .     note  work in retail stores must be completed during normal business hours .     the position requires travel throughout pricing areas in phoenix and surrounding cities in maricopa county ,  including neighborhoods of all economic types .     this position has promotion potential to the gs - 07 .  promotion potential  there is no obligations to provide future promotions to you if you are selected .  future promotions are dependent on your ability to perform the duties at a higher level ,  the continuing need for an employee assigned to the higher level ,  and supervisory approval .     this position is inside the bargaining unit .     at least one  ( 1 )  position will be filled through this vacancy .  if additional vacancies become available ,  additional selections will be made .     relocation costs will not be paid       
 phh arval is an award winning ,  business - to - business service organization and one of the world’s leading automotive fleet leasing and management companies .  through providing consultative expertise ,  personalized fleet services ,  best - in - class customer service ,  and award - winning internet technology ,  phh helps clients reduce costs and maximize productivity  phh is currently seeking a talented and driven multimedia design intern to assist with internal and external communication projects .  this intern will be working with a variety of communication mediums ,  such as video ,  web ,  and interactive games !   this internship will allow you the opportunity for exposure to different facets of the business through the following  • combine graphic design with animation ,  text ,  sound ,  and video to produce creative and impactful presentations and other marketing materials      if you have proven academic results  ( gpa ,  awards ,  recognition ,  honor societies ,  etc .  )  and are an analytical thinker ,  this could be an ideal opportunity for you !  excellent communication skills  ( written and oral )  ,  strong technology skills and knowledge  a positive attitude ,  and a strong work ethic are musts .  we also look for demonstrated leadership skills and results in an organization ,  scholastic ,  or athletic area     
 we are a seed - funded new york city - based “software wrapped in plastic” startup looking to rapidly expand our team with an unstoppable intern who wants to work with us to transform a market untouched in over 100 years .  this is a paid internship post .  we have revolutionary aspirations ,  a vision that will transform the security industry and the way people think about connecting to physical places ,  their families and their communities .  we re early stage ,  and we’re looking for self - motivated ,  ambitious ,  problem solvers who can help us build and execute on our marketing and pr plans .  at the same time ,  we are committed to helping the community around us ,  and building a startup culture that is fun and rewarding .  preferred requirements  marketing ,  communications ,  public relations or related student  ( ba ,  bs ,  mba )  experienced writer and communicator .  dare we say  funny ?  must be organized ,  methodical ,  flexible ,  and handle multiple tasks simultaneously must be flexible with job assignments ,  able to work independently and well with others  ( team environment )  good interpersonal skills good analytical and     
 internship  ( finance and economics )   -  new york ,  ny job id  20130309 - 7787 description  scottrade ,  inc . has abranch internposition available innew york ,  ny . the main purpose of this position is to assist branches with daily operations while gaining valuable work experience in the brokerage industry .  responsibilities    listen to and shadow brokers in the office to see how they conduct business with clients .    act as a representative of scottrade to clients that come directly to the branch for assistance .    become familiar with different departments and their functions .    provide technical support for clients accessing scottrade  s trading platforms .    utilize quote system to communicate information regarding stocks to clients .    process stock certificates and deposits ,  prepare paperwork for overnight delivery to st .  louis ,  and process branch mail .    understand and be able to communicate different types of client accounts .    navigate through the internal systems and become familiar with their uses .    complete internal training program through scottrade university .    participate in team building activities within the branch .    become proficient with the microsoft office suite .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities    ability to work an average of 15 - 30 hours per week and no more than 8 hours per day .    basic level proficiency with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and outlook .    foster company success through a professional appearance ,  being courteous to customers and all scottrade associates and by having a positive attitude .  education and experience    high school diploma or equivalent .    currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and attend classes at a local university with interests in business and the stock market .    have completed 50 - 70 hours of required coursework and have a balance of no fewer than 48 hours remaining towards their bachelor’s degree  ( 1 - 2 years of college remaining )  .    performing within the college’s acceptable gpa level .  scottrade ,  inc .  ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to inclusion and a diverse workforce .  requirements  languages english  ?  spoken ,  english  ?  written location ny  -  new york     
 job id  20131209 - 7849 description  scottrade ,  inc .  has a branch intern position available in natick ,  ma .  the main purpose of this position is to assist branches with daily operations while gaining valuable work experience in the brokerage industry .  responsibilities    listen to and shadow brokers in the office to see how they conduct business with clients .    act as a representative of scottrade to clients that come directly to the branch for assistance .    become familiar with different departments and their functions .    provide technical support for clients accessing scottrade s trading platforms .    utilize quote system to communicate information regarding stocks to clients .    process stock certificates and deposits ,  prepare paperwork for overnight delivery to saint louis ,  and process branch mail .    understand and be able to communicate different types of client accounts .    navigate through the internal systems and become familiar with their uses .    complete internal training program through scottrade university .    participate in team building activities within the branch .    become proficient with the microsoft office suite .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities    ability to work an average of 15 - 30 hours per week and no more than 8 hours per day .    basic level proficiency with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and outlook .    foster company success through a professional appearance ,  being courteous to customers and all scottrade associates and by having a positive attitude .  education and experience    high school diploma or equivalent .    currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and attend classes at a local university with interests in business and the stock market .    have completed 50 - 70 hours of required coursework and have a balance of no fewer than 48 hours remaining towards their bachelor’s degree  ( 1 - 2 years of college remaining )  .    performing within the college’s acceptable gpa level .  scottrade ,  inc .  ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to inclusion and a diverse workforce .  requirements  languages english – spoken ,  english – written location ma  -  natick     
 about us  miami ,  florida - based financial services company  ( crowdfunding platform )  ,  is looking for an intern .  this individual will work on all areas of fast paced start - up .  we are a true startup  ( funded )  so its ground floor fun for everyone .  we are working on building america s first equity - based crowdfunding platform similar to kickstarter . com but with equity .  our office shares space with a hedge fund office with constant activity ,  this is your opportunity to be part of something big… did you ever wish you were part of one of those cool startup companies in ca or ny ,  like groupon ,  or google ?  this could be your turn… your responsibilities   -  online research  -  inbound content management  -  follow up with prospects  -  trade - show management  -  co - ordinate all other areas activities to a single unified order .  requirements   -  good understanding of word ,  outlook and excel  -  must have experience using web based tools  -  jedi powers when it comes to online research bonus points   -  be part of something big ,  crowdfunding is going to change the way american businesses operate ,  and earlyshares is the main platform for the industry .   -  real world experience ,  you will be working with senior management and you will contribute to all aspects of the company .      
   our people make the difference !     the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .     for fouteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .    at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !     summer 2014 internship  -  research department   the research department produces academically respected economic research ,  monitors and reports on regional and national economic trends ,  and helps to craft public communications on economic issues .  the department also models complex economic systems ,  analyzes data ,  and evaluates economic information to support the federal reserve bank of cleveland’s monetary policy ,  supervisory ,  and payments system responsibilities .    accountabilities    work with economists and research analysts by gathering and analyzing data .  work with large data sets  utilize microsoft excel and other statistical packages to analyze data .  participate in creating a daily update of economic trends by reading and summarizing economic related articles .  the successful candidate will participate in the bank’s intern expo ,  creating a display containing information about their intern experience in the research department .  may also complete special projects as assigned .    requirements    1 .  currently a sophomore or junior pursuing a bachelor  s degree in economics ,  mathematics ,  or statistics .  2 .  strong computer / technical skills required .  proficiency with microsoft office products .  prior experience utilizing statistical packages desired .  3 .  ability to work in a deadline driven environment and have ability to multitask .  4 .  problem solving skills  1 )  interpersonal communication  requires communicating well with people at different levels ,  frequently sharing information with others while listening to and understanding their points of view .  2 )  logical analysis  requires thinking through and solving problems step by step ,  often looking beyond the obvious solution to a problem and digging deeper for the best solution .  5 .  willingness to learn and an ability to work independently .    note  candidates interviewed will be required to provide a writing sample .     primary location   oh - cleveland  full - time  /  part - time   full - time  employee status   temporary  overtime status   non - exempt  job type   internship  travel   no  shift   day job  req id   233135     
 date  aug 26 ,  2013 location  various us ,  us no .  of openings 10 . 00 position closing date  10 / 28 / 2013 overview bechtel has a long tradition of technical and engineering excellence in supporting multiple industries .  bechtel’s internship program was created to cultivate real - life industry interest based on hands - on experience .  many new university graduate hires began their careers at bechtel as a student intern .  startup interns at bechtel support the home effort to plan and coordinate startup activities with engineering and construction before mobilizing to the field .  they assist in evaluating ,  selecting ,  and applying standard startup techniques ,  guidelines ,  procedures ,  and criteria .  startup interns have a world of career opportunities at bechtel .  the total number of startup interns hired and start dates are subject to workload and business conditions .  locations will vary based on project needs .  general job duties startup interns may be responsible for   -  compiles ,  evaluates and correlates data for procedures and system files .   -  provides input to and / or reviews startup test procedures .   -  provides input to and / or reviews engineering ,  operations ,  project deliverables ,  and assists in project design and model reviews as pertains to plant operability and startup .   -  performing field consulting services as required .   -  directs component and system commissioning and testing under close supervision .   -  directs maintenance under close supervision .   -  conducts walk - down of systems in conjunction with construction prior to system turnover from construction under close supervision .   -  performs calculations and simple preliminary analyses to evaluate test results .   -  assisting in project design reviews and project operations manual preparation .   -  coordinates assigned work with other technical personnel as directed .  basic qualifications  -  currently enrolled in a four - year bachelors of science degree program in chemical engineering ,  electrical engineering ,  control systems engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  fire protection engineering ,  process safety engineering or related field from an accredited college or university  -  completed at least one year of undergraduate studies in engineering or related field  -  familiarity with basic design of electrical and controls systems ,  mechanical process systems and process controls  -  must be able to complete a pre - employment drug screen ,  physical  ( if located at the construction site )  ,  and background check .   -  technical knowledge of startup ,  commissioning ,  operations ,  or maintenance .   -  basic knowledge of engineering systems and applications of startup and commissioning methods .   -  basic skills in oral and written communication and software packages .  preferred qualifications  -  previous co - op or internship experience  -  strong gpa  -  familiarity with basic operations and / or maintenance practices associated with oil ,  gas ,  petrochemical ,  power or offshore facilities  -  intermediate knowledge of microsoft word ,  excel ,  and power point  -  due to the nature of some positions ,  us citizenship maybe required  -  ability to obtain a department of defense ,  department of energy or project site clearance ,  depending on assignment .   -  must be willing to relocate to project or job site the vision to build a better world bechtel is among the most respected engineering ,  procurement ,  and construction companies in the world .  we stand apart for our ability to get the job done right — no matter how big ,  how complex or how remote .  the reliability of our performance ,  the enduring quality of our projects ,  the strength of our ethics ,  and the seriousness of our commitment to safety and sustainability are evident in everything we do .  shaping tomorrow together bechtel is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer  ( aa / eoe )      
 tinypass is a fast - growing ,  vc - backed startup at the intersection of content and commerce .  we are a team of experienced professionals from advertising ,  banking ,  publishing and sales ,  focused on transforming the economics of content creation .  we are seeking a marketing intern and startup apprentice to take on a learning - oriented role at the company .  you’ll handle both crucial but low - level tasks ,  as well as directly supporting the executive team on marketing projects .  responsibilities  working with the chief strategy officer to develop and refine new marketing strategies media monitoring and relevant news roundup researching content verticals and developing prospect lists answering phones and performing administrative office tasks using social media to actively engage with publishers and industry thought leaders assisting our inside sales team to communicate with target customers helping implement adwords and monitoring website analytics requirements  currently pursuing or a recent graduate with a bachelor’s degree in business ,  marketing ,  or communications  ( preferred )  strong interest in tech startups ,  the digital content landscape ,  and monetization software  ( preferred )  strong and precise written and oral communication skills an open - minded ,  intelligent ,  and motivated person skills  microsoft office ,      
 internships  ( finance and economics )   -  davenport ,  ia job id  20130608 - 7661 description  scottrade ,  inc . has abranch internposition available indavenport ,  ia . the main purpose of this position is to assist branches with daily operations while gaining valuable work experience in the brokerage industry .  responsibilities    listen to and shadow brokers in the office to see how they conduct business with clients .    act as a representative of scottrade to clients that come directly to the branch for assistance .    become familiar with different departments and their functions .    provide technical support for clients accessing scottrade  s trading platforms .    utilize quote system to communicate information regarding stocks to clients .    process stock certificates and deposits ,  prepare paperwork for overnight delivery to st .  louis ,  and process branch mail .    understand and be able to communicate different types of client accounts .    navigate through the internal systems and become familiar with their uses .    complete internal training program through scottrade university .    participate in team building activities within the branch .    become proficient with the microsoft office suite .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities    ability to work an average of 15 - 30 hours per week and no more than 8 hours per day .    basic level proficiency with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and outlook .    foster company success through a professional appearance ,  being courteous to customers and all scottrade associates and by having a positive attitude .  education and experience    high school diploma or equivalent .    currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and attend classes at a local university with interests in business and the stock market .    have completed 50 - 70 hours of required coursework and have a balance of no fewer than 48 hours remaining towards their bachelor’s degree  ( 1 - 2 years of college remaining )  .    performing within the college’s acceptable gpa level .  scottrade ,  inc .  ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to inclusion and a diverse workforce .  requirements  languages english  ?  spoken ,  english  ?  written location ia  -  davenport     
 about catercow  catercow makes it dead - simple to order catering online .  started by two of the first employees at airbnb  ( now worth over $2 . 5 billion )  ,  chris and carly are applying their knowledge of building marketplaces to the multi - billion dollar per year market of catering .  local food entrepreneurs like guacamole artists ,  oyster shuckers ,  local bakers ,  soul food caterers ,  and picnic lunch deliverers list catering packages on catercow and get orders from offices and private individuals .  launched in august 2012 ,  catercow is revenue generating and has already fed companies like mtv ,  the ritz ,  linkedin ,  etsy ,  blackstone financial group ,  klout ,  st .  john s university ,  cuny ,  aol / techcrunch ,  gawker ,  buzzfeed ,  and martha stewart inc .  we are looking for someone who  is extremely smart and self - sufficient wants to have a measurable impact on a growing company is interested in creating their own role at the company  ( yes ,  you help us define your role based on your curiosities and skills )  has demonstrated a hunger for learning new things loves meeting new people and enjoys understanding their needs / wants is quirky and appreciates a witty sense of humor is quick on their feet and likes a new challenge everyday     
 job id  20130309 - 7787 description  scottrade ,  inc .  has a branch intern position available in new york ,  ny .  the main purpose of this position is to assist branches with daily operations while gaining valuable work experience in the brokerage industry .  responsibilities    listen to and shadow brokers in the office to see how they conduct business with clients .    act as a representative of scottrade to clients that come directly to the branch for assistance .    become familiar with different departments and their functions .    provide technical support for clients accessing scottrade s trading platforms .    utilize quote system to communicate information regarding stocks to clients .    process stock certificates and deposits ,  prepare paperwork for overnight delivery to saint louis ,  and process branch mail .    understand and be able to communicate different types of client accounts .    navigate through the internal systems and become familiar with their uses .    complete internal training program through scottrade university .    participate in team building activities within the branch .    become proficient with the microsoft office suite .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities    ability to work an average of 15 - 30 hours per week and no more than 8 hours per day .    basic level proficiency with microsoft word ,  excel ,  and outlook .    foster company success through a professional appearance ,  being courteous to customers and all scottrade associates and by having a positive attitude .  education and experience    high school diploma or equivalent .    currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and attend classes at a local university with interests in business and the stock market .    have completed 50 - 70 hours of required coursework and have a balance of no fewer than 48 hours remaining towards their bachelor’s degree  ( 1 - 2 years of college remaining )  .    performing within the college’s acceptable gpa level .  scottrade ,  inc .  ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to inclusion and a diverse workforce .  requirements  languages english – spoken ,  english – written location ny  -  new york     
   economic education intern – fall 2013   the federal reserve bank of richmond is recruiting for an intern in the economic education division of the outreach department .  in this role ,  the intern assists staff in developing innovative educational resources and delivering the public exhibit program of the bank for educators ,  students and the general public .  the intern learns from economic educators and other outreach staff and interacts with business professionals throughout the fifth district of the federal reserve system .  the internship is structured to refine a diverse set of skills including analytical thinking ,  effective interviewing ,  strong communication  ( written and oral )  ,  collaborative project ,  and business protocol .  the intern will perform routine ,  non - routine ,  and miscellaneous duties as assigned .  this is a part time position  ( no benefits )  that will begin in october 2013 and will end in december 2013 .  the candidate chosen for the internship may have an opportunity to continue in the position during the following academic semester .  the work schedule will average 15 – 20 hours per week but actual number of hours worked per week and work schedule are flexible .   special considerations     candidates should review the bank’s employee code of conduct to ensure compliance with conflict of interest rules and personal investment restrictions .  the code is available on the about us ,  careers webpage at www . richmondfed . org .     sponsorship is not available for this position .   essential job responsibilities include but are not limited to the following    supports the development of innovative educational resources ,  with particular focus on gathering and analyzing economic data .    assists with delivering the public exhibit program of the bank for educators ,  students and the general public .  facilitates exhibit visits and also assists with delivering supplemental economic education presentations to exhibit visitors .    helps prepare economic education staff presentations .    provides meeting and event support for workshops ,  programs ,  and functions .  prepares teacher resource and handout packets .    tabulates evaluations and analyzes feedback for programs .    conducts information searches ,  checks facts and references .    writes ,  proofs ,  and edits publications .    performs incidental administrative duties as requested .    the range is $12 . 80  -  $16 . 00 .  salary offered will be based on the job responsibilities and the individual’s knowledge ,  skills and experience as defined in the job qualifications / experience   the deadline for applying to this role is 5 00 pm on tuesday ,  september 24 ,  2013   candidates subject to special background investigation procedures qualifications / experience   candidates must be currently enrolled college student ,  preferably rising junior or senior status and must have a minimum 3 . 0 gpa .  the ideal candidate is an economics major with some experience in education .    solid understanding of the principles of economics and some knowledge of the federal reserve system .    familiarity with microsoft office suite ,  particularly excel .    highly detail - oriented and organized .    ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously ,  ease in a classroom setting ,  creativity ,  ability to edit materials ,  interpersonal skills ,  and web knowledge .    ability to work well independently and in a team setting .  please note that housing will not be provided .   primary location   va - richmond  full - time  /  part - time   part - time  employee status   temporary  overtime status   non - exempt  job type   internship  travel   no  shift   day job  req id   233208     
 date  aug 26 ,  2013 location  various us ,  us no .  of openings 10 . 00 position closing date  10 / 28 / 2013 overview bechtel has a long tradition of technical and engineering excellence in supporting multiple industries .  bechtel’s internship program was created to cultivate real - life industry interest based on hands - on experience .  many new university graduate hires began their careers at bechtel as a student intern .  startup interns at bechtel support the home effort to plan and coordinate startup activities with engineering and construction before mobilizing to the field .  they assist in evaluating ,  selecting ,  and applying standard startup techniques ,  guidelines ,  procedures ,  and criteria .  startup interns have a world of career opportunities at bechtel .  the total number of startup interns hired and start dates are subject to workload and business conditions .  locations will vary based on project needs .  general job duties startup interns may be responsible for   -  compiles ,  evaluates and correlates data for procedures and system files .   -  provides input to and / or reviews startup test procedures .   -  provides input to and / or reviews engineering ,  operations ,  project deliverables ,  and assists in project design and model reviews as pertains to plant operability and startup .   -  performing field consulting services as required .   -  directs component and system commissioning and testing under close supervision .   -  directs maintenance under close supervision .   -  conducts walk - down of systems in conjunction with construction prior to system turnover from construction under close supervision .   -  performs calculations and simple preliminary analyses to evaluate test results .   -  assisting in project design reviews and project operations manual preparation .   -  coordinates assigned work with other technical personnel as directed .  basic qualifications  -  currently enrolled in a four - year bachelors of science degree program in chemical engineering ,  electrical engineering ,  control systems engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  fire protection engineering ,  process safety engineering or related field from an accredited college or university  -  completed at least one year of undergraduate studies in engineering or related field  -  familiarity with basic design of electrical and controls systems ,  mechanical process systems and process controls  -  must be able to complete a pre - employment drug screen ,  physical  ( if located at the construction site )  ,  and background check .   -  technical knowledge of startup ,  commissioning ,  operations ,  or maintenance .   -  basic knowledge of engineering systems and applications of startup and commissioning methods .   -  basic skills in oral and written communication and software packages .  preferred qualifications  -  previous co - op or internship experience  -  strong gpa  -  familiarity with basic operations and / or maintenance practices associated with oil ,  gas ,  petrochemical ,  power or offshore facilities  -  intermediate knowledge of microsoft word ,  excel ,  and power point  -  due to the nature of some positions ,  us citizenship maybe required  -  ability to obtain a department of defense ,  department of energy or project site clearance ,  depending on assignment .   -  must be willing to relocate to project or job site the vision to build a better world bechtel is among the most respected engineering ,  procurement ,  and construction companies in the world .  we stand apart for our ability to get the job done right — no matter how big ,  how complex or how remote .  the reliability of our performance ,  the enduring quality of our projects ,  the strength of our ethics ,  and the seriousness of our commitment to safety and sustainability are evident in everything we do .  shaping tomorrow together bechtel is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer  ( aa / eoe )      
 date  aug 26 ,  2013 location  various us ,  us no .  of openings 10 . 00 position closing date  10 / 28 / 2013 overview bechtel has a long tradition of technical and engineering excellence in supporting multiple industries .  bechtel’s internship program was created to cultivate real - life industry interest based on hands - on experience .  many new university graduate hires began their careers at bechtel as a student intern .  startup interns at bechtel support the home effort to plan and coordinate startup activities with engineering and construction before mobilizing to the field .  they assist in evaluating ,  selecting ,  and applying standard startup techniques ,  guidelines ,  procedures ,  and criteria .  startup interns have a world of career opportunities at bechtel .  the total number of startup interns hired and start dates are subject to workload and business conditions .  locations will vary based on project needs .  general job duties startup interns may be responsible for   -  compiles ,  evaluates and correlates data for procedures and system files .   -  provides input to and / or reviews startup test procedures .   -  provides input to and / or reviews engineering ,  operations ,  project deliverables ,  and assists in project design and model reviews as pertains to plant operability and startup .   -  performing field consulting services as required .   -  directs component and system commissioning and testing under close supervision .   -  directs maintenance under close supervision .   -  conducts walk - down of systems in conjunction with construction prior to system turnover from construction under close supervision .   -  performs calculations and simple preliminary analyses to evaluate test results .   -  assisting in project design reviews and project operations manual preparation .   -  coordinates assigned work with other technical personnel as directed .  basic qualifications  -  currently enrolled in a four - year bachelors of science degree program in chemical engineering ,  electrical engineering ,  control systems engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  fire protection engineering ,  process safety engineering or related field from an accredited college or university  -  completed at least one year of undergraduate studies in engineering or related field  -  familiarity with basic design of electrical and controls systems ,  mechanical process systems and process controls  -  must be able to complete a pre - employment drug screen ,  physical  ( if located at the construction site )  ,  and background check .   -  technical knowledge of startup ,  commissioning ,  operations ,  or maintenance .   -  basic knowledge of engineering systems and applications of startup and commissioning methods .   -  basic skills in oral and written communication and software packages .  preferred qualifications  -  previous co - op or internship experience  -  strong gpa  -  familiarity with basic operations and / or maintenance practices associated with oil ,  gas ,  petrochemical ,  power or offshore facilities  -  intermediate knowledge of microsoft word ,  excel ,  and power point  -  due to the nature of some positions ,  us citizenship maybe required  -  ability to obtain a department of defense ,  department of energy or project site clearance ,  depending on assignment .   -  must be willing to relocate to project or job site the vision to build a better world bechtel is among the most respected engineering ,  procurement ,  and construction companies in the world .  we stand apart for our ability to get the job done right — no matter how big ,  how complex or how remote .  the reliability of our performance ,  the enduring quality of our projects ,  the strength of our ethics ,  and the seriousness of our commitment to safety and sustainability are evident in everything we do .  shaping tomorrow together bechtel is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer  ( aa / eoe )      
 ### job summary  the mission of the architect of the capitol is to serve congress and the supreme court ,  preserve america  s capitol and inspire memorable experiences .  under the leadership of stephen t .  ayers ,  faia ,  leed ap ,  the roles and responsibilities of the architect of the capitol cover an expansive and diverse portfolio .  the aoc is responsible for the maintenance ,  operation ,  development and preservation of 17 . 4 million square feet of buildings and more than 470 acres of land throughout capitol hill .  the aoc provides a welcoming and educational environment for millions of visitors through the u . s .  capitol visitor center and the us botanic garden .  the aoc delivers professional expertise on the preservation and curation of architectural and artistic elements entrusted to our care .  learn more at www . aoc . gov .  core values  the aoc prides itself on our core values of teamwork ,  integrity ,  pride and professionalism .  the professionalism and integrity of each aoc employee demonstrates our dedication to providing quality services and our commitment to holding ourselves to the highest standards .  we recognize that we do our best work through teamwork ,  each of us lending our individual strengths and talents to the greater goal of the entire team .  we respect each other and rely on each other in our efforts to make the aoc a center of excellence .  we take great pride in what we do and in the honor of serving congress ,  the supreme court ,  and the american people each and every day .  applications for this position are being processed through an on - line applicant assessment system that has been specifically configured for architect of the capitol applicants .  even if you have already developed a resume in usajobs ,  you will need to access this on - line system to complete the application process .  to obtain information about this position and to apply ,  please click on https  /  / www . avuecentral . com .  .  .  .      
 we are a tech startup that is revolutionizing speech recognition software .  we am looking for an individual to help record 10 , 000 words using our online application within 7 days of starting .  the task will be to record and re - listen to ensure quality .  it is a simple yet time consuming task .  we will pick our participants based on the annunciation ,  clarity ,  and overall quality of 20 sample recordings .  we are looking to bring on 3 participants for our first cohort  -  light accents are okay .  we can offer $300 for the set of 10 , 000 words .  thank you for your interest .  required supplies  computer  ( mac or pc )  and internet connection desired skills  data entry admin assistant computer skills     
 heery international ,  inc .  is seeking a junior architect to assist our design team on a healthcare design project .  the candidate should have strong design capability and ability to work with the project designers to develop the design in 3d and cad .     a bachelors degree in architecture is required for this position   a minimum of three years related experience is required   cad drafting and construction documentation experience   key skills in strong 3d ability  ( rhino and revit )  .   we will be considering local candidates with no relocation first .   the ability to work within the united states immediately on a regular full - time basis is required .   heery international ,  inc .  offers a competitive salary and full benefits package and there is continual growth and opportunity within .  all offers are contingent to taking and passing a pre - employment substance abuse screen .   eoe / m / f / h / v .      
 job description we just received $2m in a series a round of funding and are looking to grow our team with a full - time fall co - op / intern  ( with the possibility of staying on longer )  to provide assistance and a positive attitude to our team !  availability would be 40+ hours per week .  candidate must be computer / tech savvy and comfortable working in a fast - paced environment .  tasks include   -  data entry  -  office upkeep  -  correspondance with health carriers  -  administrative tasks  -  research we offer free breakfast and lunch for the team everyday and co - ops will be part of all team meetings .  we hope that this can be a great experience for someone who wants to learn about the inner workings of a new and thriving startup ,  technology ,  and the ever changing healthcare landscape !  check out a quick demo video here  .  qualifications null additional information null     
 principal responsibilities     reviews and proofreads technical and strategy documents for content and clarity .    reviews training materials for content and clarity   captures and analyzes data for the application portfolio .   this requires global communication and followup .    creates and maintains business process models using aris business designer   creates and maintains infrastructure architecture diagrams in aris it architect   supports the aris model promotion process   details and documents data gaps between application portfolio and application strategy   assists with the ea project approval processes ,  leveraging sharepoint and other electronic tracking mechanisms  qualifications  qualifications   training and experience    strong skills in the areas of communication ,  problem analysis ,  adaptability and flexibility ,    experience analysing multiple data sources and flagging deltas .    knowledge of information technology ,  systems & data architecture design ,  and software development life cycles .    in - depth project / program management experience ,  including multi - national projects / programs .  experience with microsoft office products ,  such as excel ,  word ,  powerpoint and visio .   job information technology  primary location united states - pennsylvania - king of prussia  organization global information technology  unposting date     
 a member of the research recruiting association in the landscape architecture industry is seeking a full time junior architect .  the company offers the following environment  established organization with great benefits .  estimated salary of $60000 per year .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  autocad ,  microsoft office ,  photoeditor ,  outlook ,  photoshop ,  illustrator ,  indesign flash ,  dreamweaver ,  acrobat ,  reader ,  html coding ,  sketchup ,  3ds max ,  ecotect ,  trane ,  equest ,  contam ,  ies - ve ,  design builder ,  handles multi - line phone systems ,  team worker ,  punctual ,  good attitude ,  honest ,  trustworthy .  ,  contributes design ideas and technical support for all types of construction .  seeking someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  organize and request information from suppliers and manufacturers and submit orders .  hold meetings with clients ,  engineers ,  product suppliers and supervisors during the design and construction phases for constant feedback of the project .  ,  develop designs of projects from schematic design to construction phase according to codes .  ,  apply artistic expertise and technical skills to create freehand sketches ,  color architectural presentations ,  renderings and site plans .  prepare working set drawings ,  specification and construction documents .  .  unique job number  fl757 .  location  hialeah ,  fl 33017     
 surgical sales opportunity with a high growth startup company to sell cutting edge surgical laser energy systems .  unique fiber energy system enables surgeons to perform minimally invasive surgical procedures that were previously not possible .  qualifications four year college degree and minimum 2 years documented successful surgical sales experience .  experience selling laser systems ,  energy sources and capital equipment with accompanying disposables is preferred .  experience calling on ent and gyn preferred .  conceptual selling experience with a new product is a plus .  territory washington state comp plan 60k base ,  car allowance ,  all expenses and stock options .  first year expected income is 150 - 170k .  top sales reps .  are earning 200k plus .      
 kar is an equal opportunity employer .  kar is a drug - free workplace .   job summary    the first assignment will be a key strategic corporate program made up of numerous projects spanning several years to build & deliver the autovin next generation condition report solution .    agile is the primary methodology to be used to govern program deliverables internally as well as with our partners and customers .  the solution is cloud based and will be delivered on the microsoft azure platform .   the application dba position is critical within the program .   as a jr .  data architect ,  you will be responsible for working with delivery teams in planning ,  designing ,  developing and testing software solutions .  your focus will be on the data layer architectural design and planning .  this position regularly works with product management to perform analysis and define functionality for future system improvements and new capabilities .   responsibilities and duties     a successful candidate for this role must possess exceptional communication ,  organization and analytical skills .  they must be self - directing with the ability to identify priorities to achieve desired results and be collaborative in driving decisions .  they must have the ability to translate business needs into meaningful technical designs .    work with deliver teams and product owners to implement solution with optimized data layer performance .    tune database performance through database physical design ,  configurations and implementations of data aggregations ,  partitioning ,  indexing and related settings .    author design stories ,  release notes ,  and test documents .    work with delivery teams in refining the conceptual system design into optimal physical database design .    provides database - related technical expertise .    provide input to software development manager on reviews of application developers and help identify developmental needs .   educational requirements and qualifications   five  ( 5 )  or more years of hands - on experience in software development required with a strong emphasis in pl / sql ,  sql turning ,  and data modeling on large databases with complex database models .   strong technical skills in application & data design and system architecture .   experience with oracle and sql server rdbms .   experience with agile or iterative development methodology a plus .   experience with  . net development environment a plus .   experience with the windows azure a plus .   strong written and verbal communication skills .   must be able to work in fast - paced environment and demonstrate strong organizational ability .      
 title  junior solution architect location  charlotte ,  nc type  contract duration  16 months job description  our client ,  a leading financial institution ,  seeks a junior solution architect primary responsibilities  a ? ¢ assists in planning ,  scheduling and executes the development ,  introduction ,  communication and maintenance of the corporate systems architecture  ( including the applications ,  data ,  and infrastructure architectures )  a ? ¢ participates in the development of domain roadmaps and target state architectures a ? ¢ provides support to senior associates and analysts in determining technical and operational feasibility of solutions a ? ¢ facilitates the architecture review board and other forums individual contributor role required skills  a ? ¢ ability to think from a business & technology strategy perspective across a broad domain a ? ¢ consulting ,  analytical ,  and facilitation skills a ? ¢ strong communication and presentation skills desired skills  a ? ¢ togaf knowledge a ? ¢ understanding of commercial credit experience level  a ? ¢ 3 to 5 years experience in information technology with 1 years of financial services experience  ( preferably in the credit services domain )  and 1 to 3 years of technology architecture experience .      w2 only  no third party or 1099 candidates     application requirements client will not accept subcontractors you must be authorized to work in the u . s .  on a full - time basis .  required qualifications  architect benefits / perks medical dental vision and life insurance for full - time w2 consultants .  supplemental disability and long - term care insurance dependent care assistance .  401 ( k )  with roth feature .  free e - learning courses .  about matrix whatever your career destination ,  we re how you get there .  for more than 27 years ,  matrix has placed talented contract and permanent it professionals like yourself at thousands of top - notch organizations throughout the u . s .  ,  ranging from fortune 50 to small it shops across all industries .  matrix surrounds you with personal services from assistance with your resume and interviewing skills ,  to background information on the companies you will interview with ,  and more .  once you are onboard as a matrix consultant ,  we offer outstanding benefits ,  a 401 ( k )  program  ( or plan )  ,  discounted training ,  and other valuable incentives .  apply today at matrix .  please note  your resume will never be submitted to a client company without your prior knowledge and consent to do so .      
 blt architects is seeking talented intern architects to join our team .  qualifications  minimum 4 - year degree from accredited naab college or university basic knowledge of  principles and practices of architecture  methods ,  materials ,  tools and equipment used in building construction  computer - aided design and drafting  ( cadd )  systems for architecture .  ability to  read and interpret construction documents  conceptualize and understand spatial relationships  express oneself clearly and concisely ,  both orally and in writing ,  to communicate ideas in presentations to team members ,  engineers ,  contractors ,  clients .  proficiency in  autocad ,  sketchup ,  revit 3d modeling ,  photoshop ,  adobe suite hand drawing ,  modeling and sketching a plus responsibilities  apply architecture techniques to develop and produce designs and construction documents .  conduct preliminary design studies of proposed projects  prepare concept models ,  presentation materials prepare design and construction documents using computer - aided design and drafting  ( cadd )  systems  participate in construction contract administration both in office and field blt architects is an integrated architectural and     
 date  aug 26 ,  2013 location  various us ,  us no .  of openings 10 . 00 position closing date  10 / 28 / 2013 overview bechtel has a long tradition of technical and engineering excellence in supporting multiple industries .  bechtel’s internship program was created to cultivate real - life industry interest based on hands - on experience .  many new university graduate hires began their careers at bechtel as a student intern .  startup interns at bechtel support the home effort to plan and coordinate startup activities with engineering and construction before mobilizing to the field .  they assist in evaluating ,  selecting ,  and applying standard startup techniques ,  guidelines ,  procedures ,  and criteria .  startup interns have a world of career opportunities at bechtel .  the total number of startup interns hired and start dates are subject to workload and business conditions .  locations will vary based on project needs .  general job duties startup interns may be responsible for   -  compiles ,  evaluates and correlates data for procedures and system files .   -  provides input to and / or reviews startup test procedures .   -  provides input to and / or reviews engineering ,  operations ,  project deliverables ,  and assists in project design and model reviews as pertains to plant operability and startup .   -  performing field consulting services as required .   -  directs component and system commissioning and testing under close supervision .   -  directs maintenance under close supervision .   -  conducts walk - down of systems in conjunction with construction prior to system turnover from construction under close supervision .   -  performs calculations and simple preliminary analyses to evaluate test results .   -  assisting in project design reviews and project operations manual preparation .   -  coordinates assigned work with other technical personnel as directed .  basic qualifications  -  currently enrolled in a four - year bachelors of science degree program in chemical engineering ,  electrical engineering ,  control systems engineering ,  mechanical engineering ,  fire protection engineering ,  process safety engineering or related field from an accredited college or university  -  completed at least one year of undergraduate studies in engineering or related field  -  familiarity with basic design of electrical and controls systems ,  mechanical process systems and process controls  -  must be able to complete a pre - employment drug screen ,  physical  ( if located at the construction site )  ,  and background check .   -  technical knowledge of startup ,  commissioning ,  operations ,  or maintenance .   -  basic knowledge of engineering systems and applications of startup and commissioning methods .   -  basic skills in oral and written communication and software packages .  preferred qualifications  -  previous co - op or internship experience  -  strong gpa  -  familiarity with basic operations and / or maintenance practices associated with oil ,  gas ,  petrochemical ,  power or offshore facilities  -  intermediate knowledge of microsoft word ,  excel ,  and power point  -  due to the nature of some positions ,  us citizenship maybe required  -  ability to obtain a department of defense ,  department of energy or project site clearance ,  depending on assignment .   -  must be willing to relocate to project or job site the vision to build a better world bechtel is among the most respected engineering ,  procurement ,  and construction companies in the world .  we stand apart for our ability to get the job done right — no matter how big ,  how complex or how remote .  the reliability of our performance ,  the enduring quality of our projects ,  the strength of our ethics ,  and the seriousness of our commitment to safety and sustainability are evident in everything we do .  shaping tomorrow together bechtel is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer  ( aa / eoe )      
the right candidate will be doing data entry of construction documents .  must have strong autocad and architectural desktop experience and construction documents .  architectural degree required .  construction document space studies needed .   .     
   local candidates only   job summary  provide electrical design assistance  software development services  ( typically programming )  within a predefined scope ,  individually or as a team member ,  capable of being assigned to multiple tasks of a project including specification ,  technical design ,  programming ,  testing ,  and field commissioning .  essential functions  ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  develop ,  design ,  build ,  and manage project input / output lists ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  generate electrical design drawings in autocad  ( version 2000 and greater )  ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  perform plc programming using a variety of software platforms ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  perform hmi programming using a variety of software platforms ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  develop simulation code and support project testing ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  participate in startup & commissioning at the customer site ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  identify technical risks in assigned work ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  problem solve as needed additional responsibilities  ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  performs other duties or special projects as assigned .  required skills & abilities  ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  engineering student with solid circuit ,  electronic ,  and programming skills ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  strong communication and interpersonal skills ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ability to work on multiple tasks and / or projects ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  speak ,  read ,  and write fluently in english ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  valid driver’s license ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  work flexible hours as needed to meet client needs ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ability to travel physical requirements  ( if applicable )   ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  none required credentials  ·  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  candidates for bachelor of science degree in computer science or engineering preferred potential career path control engineer  ?      
 reference #    13 - 02618 title    junior weblogic application architect location    norwich ,  ct position type    contract experience level     start date    09 / 30 / 2013 description  our direct client is looking for junior weblogic application architect for a  long term project in norwich ,  ct .   detail requirement  job title  junior weblogic application architect  rate  $open / hr  location   norwich ,  ct  duration  long term     “us citizens and those authorized to work in the us are encouraged to apply .   we are unable to sponsor h1b candidates at this time . ”  skills and experience     bachelor s degree in computer science or equivalent ,  with more than  8 years of experience .    7 years of ooa / d  ( unix ,  c / c++ ,  shell )    3 yrs of beaea weblogic v5 / 6 / 7 / 8   2 yrs of beaea weblogic integration  ( bpm / b2bi )    6 years of hands - on java ,  ejb ,  j2ee ,  jsp ,  xml ,  uml ,  jms ,  adaptors   should have experience as an  architect experience   expertise in bea platform with emphasis on weblogic integration  ( wli )    extensive hands on creating wli bpm workflows   experience in all areas of eai including  messaging ,  b2b ,  workflow ,  erp integration .    understand issues about scalability ,  reliability etc .    understand oo methodologies and design practices   excellent knowledge of j2ee standards ,  design patterns and best practices .    thorough understanding of clustered environment .    experience migrating ,  deploying ,  performance tuning ,  including but not limited to tuning heap size ,  execute threads ,  cpu utilization ,  connection pool ,  jms configuration ,  cluster configuration ,  and load balancing .    demonstrate excellent communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers .    ability to use strong industry knowledge to relate to customer needs and dissolve customer concerns and high level of focus and attention to detail .    strong work ethic with good time management  with ability to work with diverse teams and lead meetings .      
 bloomreach is a startup located in mountain view .  we have a top - notch team from google ,  amazon ,  groupon ,  vmware ,  yahoo !  ,  cisco and other successful valley startups .  we’re graduates of stanford ,  carnegie mellon ,  berkeley ,  mit ,  uiuc  -  urbana - champaign ,  ut austin ,  princeton ,  dartmouth ,  iits ,  harvard business school and many more !  well - funded ,  backed by bain capital ventures ,  lightspeed ventures ,  and nea ventures .  we are building a   web relevance engine    -  a web scale effort to make great content on the internet discoverable .  with a talented team of engineers ,  we have built products that are processing web - scale data ,  handling millions of page views a day ,  and generating meaningful revenue .  we are looking for talented engineering interns with expertise in web search ,  data mining ,  machine learning ,  algorithms ,  natural language processing and / or large scale systems who want to be at a rapidly growing company .  if you re really smart ,  don t have all of the relevant domain experience ,  but have great coding skills ,  believe you have the technical aptitude to learn fast ,  and have a passion for a start - up  -  let us know .  interns work on production systems with full end to end responsibility of the product they are working on .  software engineer intern the engineer s primary role will be processing millions of web pages ,  extracting interesting pieces of data ,  analyzing the structure of the web ,  and finding relevant correlations .  job responsibilities  design and build software to tackle difficult ,  large - scale machine learning / information retrieval problems .  build large scale ,  backend infrastructure for low latency ,  high throughput applications .  additionally ,  you will work with rest of the engineering team in scaling machine learning algorithms and deploying them on clusters .  be ready to lead or help with other product design and engineering projects !  minimum job requirements  currently pursuing a bs / ms / phd in computer science or related field solid programmer and significant development experience in a linux environment interest in information retrieval and machine learning at web scale this is a full - time ,  paid position for january - april 2014  ( flexible start / end dates )  .      
 cast your textbook aside ,  this is where marketing in social media comes alive !  join yelp as a marketing intern and gain real experience marketing to real people !  what is yelp ?  yelp is a website where over 100 million people  ( monthly )  read and write reliable and trustworthy reviews of local businesses  ( restaurants ,  bars ,  shopping ,  just to name a few )  from across communities in the us ,  the uk ,  canada ,  france ,  germany ,  austria ,  spain ,  italy and so forth .  community managers in over 100 yelp communities are responsible for marketing ,  pr ,  other social media outlets ,  event planning ,  e - newsletter campaigns ,  and various odds and ends on the local level — but they can’t do it alone !  yelp interns play an integral part in supporting activities designed to rally the yelp community both online and off .  as a yelp marketing intern you’ll benefit from  practical experience with new media marketing techniques plenty of opportunities to shadow and spend time with the community manager including weekly meetings for coaching and professional development a rich network of personal and professional contacts as much yelp marketing schwag as can be swallowed so what are some possible responsibilities of a yelp marketing intern ?  helping develop ,  organize and execute marketing events  ( parties ,  happy hours )  and guerillamarketing programs  ( festivals ,  street ambushes ,  etc )  co - managing the twitter handle and facebook page keeping yelp clean with on - site projects ,  writing and researching online community building you live to write and write to live and may help craft super yelpy copy other program details 3 - 6 month program  can be renewed with approval .  8 - 16 flexible hours per week .  currently lives / resides in buffalo .  interns must have reliable transportation and be 21+ ,  as we ll need your help at bars ,  clubs and other age - restricted venues .  ready to apply ?  submit the following  cover letter / note showcasing your writing skills and general personality and style resume showcasing your relevant experience a link to your yelp profile     
 cast your textbook aside ,  this is where marketing in social media comes alive !  join yelp as a marketing intern and gain real experience marketing to real people !   what is yelp ?   yelp is a website where over 100 million people  ( monthly )  read and write reliable and trustworthy reviews of local businesses  ( restaurants ,  bars ,  shopping ,  just to name a few )  from across communities in the us ,  the uk ,  canada ,  france ,  germany ,  austria ,  spain ,  italy and so forth .   community managers in over 100 yelp communities are responsible for marketing ,  pr ,  other social media outlets ,  event planning ,  e - newsletter campaigns ,  and various odds and ends on the local level — but they can’t do it alone !  yelp interns play an integral part in supporting activities designed to rally the yelp community both online and off .   as a yelp marketing intern you’ll benefit from     practical experience with new media marketing techniques   plenty of opportunities to shadow and spend time with the community manager including weekly meetings for coaching and professional development   a rich network of personal and professional contacts   as much yelp marketing schwag as can be swallowed so what are some possible responsibilities of a yelp marketing intern ?     helping develop ,  organize and execute marketing events  ( parties ,  happy hours )  and guerillamarketing programs  ( festivals ,  street ambushes ,  etc )    co - managing the twitter handle and facebook page   keeping yelp clean with on - site projects ,  writing and researching   online community building   you live to write and write to live and may help craft super yelpy copy other program details    3 - 6 month program  can be renewed with approval .    8 - 16 flexible hours per week .    currently lives / resides in new york city .    interns must have reliable transportation and be 21+ ,  as we ll need your help at bars ,  clubs and other age - restricted venues .  ready to apply ?  submit the following   1 .  cover letter / note showcasing your writing skills and general personality and style 2 .  resume showcasing your relevant experience 3 .  a link to your yelp profile     
 are you research savvy ,  detail oriented ,  and a creative thinker ?  are you currently searching for an opportunity to launch your post - college career ?  do you yelp before every decision ,  spend hours a week on techcrunch ,  and dream of starting your own company someday ?  then come join yelp as a recruiting coordinator intern to help build a world - class engineering team !  this 3 - month paid recruiting internship will provide hands - on experience ,  a personal mentor ,  and exposure to diverse aspects of recruiting in a collaborative ,  small team environment .  responsibilities assist the technical recruiting team with college programs ,  event - planning ,  and interview preparations .  actively participate in recruiting meetings and support recruiters with candidate needs .  research and generate alternative strategies for finding and evaluating talent .  organize and update internal recruiting materials .  assist with other administrative duties as needed .  requirements bachelors degree with an interest in the tech industry ,  human resources ,  and / or business .  self - directed ,  detail - oriented problem solver with a burning desire to contribute to the organization s reputation and success .  superior verbal and written communication skills .  proven ability to consistently and positively contribute in a high - paced ,  changing work environment with the ability to prioritize multiple functions and tasks and manage time efficiently .  internet research and statistical analysis experience .  proficiency with excel ,  mac ,  google docs and google cal .  please submit a resume ,  cover letter and a one - page sample from a research paper and / or data analysis presentation .   ?   ?   ?      
 we’ve built a solid university recruiting program for our world - class sales team here at yelp ,  but we’re looking to kick it up a notch .   with your university relations expertise ,  you will help us coordinate with career centers ,  build relationships with professors ,  and partner with student groups to make yelp a preferred employer at our targeted schools .   are you passionate about finding great talent in a sea of college students ?   do you get a kick out of building new relationships and re - establishing pre - existing ones ?   if this sounds like you ,  you’re probably a strategic thinker and doer with a plan .  we want you to join our university recruiting team to help find quality talent for our quickly growing sales team .   in this role ,  you will     plan and manage an annual strategy in each university within assigned territory .    build a diverse candidate pool through campus recruitment activities ,  including career fairs ,  info sessions ,  student organization events ,  etc .    own the whole recruiting process for candidates in assigned territories from initial contact to facilitating the onboarding process .    propose and implement ongoing improvements to campus recruitment efforts .    successfully partner with hiring managers and alumni to creatively hire .    be a team player and work well with other team members to track team goals ,  metrics and pitch in when necessary .    consistently embody the values of a yelp ambassador when on campus or at a recruiting event .   we’ll need     minimum of one year of experience in a recruiting role with an emphasis on campus recruiting ,  sales or equivalent experience   bachelor’s degree or three years of relevant recruiting experience   experience with applicant tracking systems   demonstrated experience executing a full - cycle recruiting process   experience with recruiting for sales  ( or relevant position )  in high volume   proven organizational skills with ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands   excellent communication and interpersonal skills with ability to communicate professionally ,  tactfully ,  and with diplomacy   excellent written communication   proven ability to take initiative and build strong productive relationships   exceptional customer service focus combined with exemplary follow - through   ability to think critically about situations that impact overall hiring goals   highly motivated and self directed and possess high energy   preferred experience with social media platforms   proficiency with osx and google docs  travel required  ( % )    50%     
 hello all ,  i would like some help designing a portable ,  collapsable wooden standing desk that can be placed on top of an existing chair - height desk when the user wants to stand and work .  it will be easy to fold up and put aside when the user wants to resume sitting .  i have built a rough prototype of the basic folding mechanism ,  but i need help with things like 1 )  creating an asthetically beautiful ,  premium looking design ,  2 )  optimizing for stability and portability ,  3 )  optimizing for the manufacturing process ,  4 )  improving on the function of my design ,  etc .  initially i would like to test the market with a realistic rendering or prototype .  eventually ,  i would like to sell this item in quantity if there is a strong market ,  along with other complementary products to be added in the future .  the best candidates will also have input on how and where to get something like this manufactured ,  expanding the product line / value proposition ,  and on any other aspects of designing and selling a consumer product .  i m a guy with an idea ,  but no experience up to this point other than building some one - off furniture in my garage .  please don t hesitate to ask me any questions you may have .  for a sense of what i m looking for ,  this item comes closest but does not fully offer the portability of my idea   / products / standee - classic - 1 thanks for taking the time to look through my post ,  and i look forward to finding the right designer .  best ,  brenden desired skills  3d modelling industrial design manufacturing design     
 account executive sales  -  phoenix sales & operations | job is located in phoenix ,  az ,  united states  about yelp  since 2004 ,  our mission has been connecting people with great local businesses .  we’ve fundamentally changed the way consumers make buying decisions by taking word of mouth online .  yelp brings transparency to the local business market ,  and we believe in helping consumers make smarter and more informed decisions about where to spend their money .   as an account executive you ll help transform the local business landscape ,  influencing how people make buying decisions from finding a dentist to where they’re having dinner tonight . our fast - paced sales team has an infectiously positive attitude and drive to win .  if you’re looking for a career  ( not a job )  ,  a company that s invested in your personal development ,  a solid compensation package ,  and great training ,  you’ve come to the right place .   task at hand    manage your own leads  utilize online and offline sources to cultivate new leads and develop / maintain your pipeline   make a high volume of daily outbound sales calls to business owners across all verticals   drive the full sales cycle to attain new business  make introductory calls ,  assess business goals through qualifying ,  work with business owners in yelp’s platform and advertising packages ,  and close the deal   achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals  must - haves    bachelor’s degree or 3+ successful years in high volume sales   resilience and an ability to overcome objections   positive attitude and a drive to win  you also    are coachable ,  implement feedback ,  and are dedicated to consistent self improvement   have demonstrated sales aptitude ,  with relentlessly high standards  ( you’re never satisfied with mediocrity )    are assertive ,  persistent ,  a good listener ,  and persuasive   are genuinely curious about people ,  local business ,  and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others   adapt to new situations quickly and think on your feet .  when faced with new challenges ,  or tough conversations ,  failure simply isn t an option  you’ll get better every day    comprehensive initial 60 - day and ongoing training   learn communication and sales techniques that will help you to never hear no again !   ( even outside of work )  .    master the top crm program ,  salesforce . com .  yes ,  resume bling !    train with current top producers and improve daily with feedback   become an expert in internet advertising and the world of a small business    the yelp sales development program  ( ysdp )  ,  which provides a clear path for professional growth .  this transparent program outlines what you need to be doing every day ,  month ,  and quarter to reach the next level .  increased compensation ,  title ,  and responsibilities will keep your career moving in the right direction .   compensation / benefits     effective your first day  full medical ,  vision ,  and dental  ( 100% paid employee only coverage )    15 days pto and 11 paid holidays  ( per year )    stock options   monthly gym subsidy   fully stocked yelp kitchens   flexible spending account   employee deferral 401k plan   employee stock purchase plan  think you have what it takes to be an account executive at yelp ?  send us your cover letter and resume today .  don’t forget to keep it useful ,  funny ,  & cool !      
 account executive sales  -  new york city sales & operations | job is located in new york ,  ny ,  united states  about yelp  since 2004 ,  our mission has been connecting people with great local businesses .  we’ve fundamentally changed the way consumers make buying decisions by taking word of mouth online .  yelp brings transparency to the local business market ,  and we believe in helping consumers make smarter and more informed decisions about where to spend their money .   as an account executive you ll help transform the local business landscape ,  influencing how people make buying decisions from finding a dentist to where they’re having dinner tonight . our fast - paced sales team has an infectiously positive attitude and drive to win .  if you’re looking for a career  ( not a job )  ,  a company that s invested in your personal development ,  a solid compensation package ,  and great training ,  you’ve come to the right place .   task at hand    manage your own leads  utilize online and offline sources to cultivate new leads and develop / maintain your pipeline   make a high volume of daily outbound sales calls to business owners across all verticals   drive the full sales cycle to attain new business  make introductory calls ,  assess business goals through qualifying ,  work with business owners in yelp’s platform and advertising packages ,  and close the deal   achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals  must - haves    bachelor’s degree or 3+ successful years in high volume sales   resilience and an ability to overcome objections   positive attitude and a drive to win  you also    are coachable ,  implement feedback ,  and are dedicated to consistent self improvement   have demonstrated sales aptitude ,  with relentlessly high standards  ( you’re never satisfied with mediocrity )    are assertive ,  persistent ,  a good listener ,  and persuasive   are genuinely curious about people ,  local business ,  and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others   adapt to new situations quickly and think on your feet .  when faced with new challenges ,  or tough conversations ,  failure simply isn t an option  you’ll get better every day    comprehensive initial 60 - day and ongoing training   learn communication and sales techniques that will help you to never hear no again !   ( even outside of work )  .    master the top crm program ,  salesforce . com .  yes ,  resume bling !    train with current top producers and improve daily with feedback   become an expert in internet advertising and the world of a small business    the yelp sales development program  ( ysdp )  ,  which provides a clear path for professional growth .  this transparent program outlines what you need to be doing every day ,  month ,  and quarter to reach the next level .  increased compensation ,  title ,  and responsibilities will keep your career moving in the right direction .   compensation / benefits     effective your first day  full medical ,  vision ,  and dental  ( 100% paid employee only coverage )    15 days pto and 11 paid holidays  ( per year )    stock options   monthly gym subsidy   fully stocked yelp kitchens   flexible spending account   employee deferral 401k plan   employee stock purchase plan  think you have what it takes to be an account executive at yelp ?  send us your cover letter and resume today .  don’t forget to keep it useful ,  funny ,  & cool !      
 uniqlo is seeking experienced store manager candidates !  at uniqlo we are seeking individuals who are committed to becoming business leaders in the retail industry .   if you possess an entrepreneurial spirit and have strong analytical abilities ,  you could be our next success story !  our ambition is to open 10  -  20 stores annually in the united states and become the #1 specialty apparel retailer .   with over 1 , 200 stores globally ,  together we believe we can change the world !    our innovative training guides you in learning the core skills for success ,  such as  monitoring and developing work schedulesassessing effective visual merchandise layouts and complying with merchandising requirementsmanaging inventory levels and proposing solutions that best benefit the companysupervising ,  motivating and developing a team to ensure retention & meet sales goalssuccessfully delivering uniqlo’s fundamental principles of customer serviceat uniqlo we offer career advancement and salary increases to hardworking ,  committed individuals who consistently generate results .  all of our employees ,  including newly hired part - time staff members ,  have the potential to take on greater responsibility and rise within our organization .    our top candidates will bring the following qualifications  bachelor’s degree2 – 7 years retail management and leadership experienceflexibility with work schedule according to business needs  ( including nights ,  weekends ,  and holidays ) flexibility to relocate to various locations during a 12 - month period  ( paid relocation benefits provided ) proven track record of increasing salesstrong analytical and math skillsexcellent interpersonal and communication skillsstrong leadership and work ethicability to adapt in a fast - changing environment that requires a high degree of multi - taskingpassion for customer service and driving innovative processesdetail oriented with an innate understanding of visual standardsbenefits include medical and dental health insurance ,  a 401k plan ,  competitive paid time off  ( pto )  and a generous merchandise discount .  all managers are eligible for a bi - annual performance based bonus .  for consideration please apply through our website  https  /  / careers - uniqlo . icims . com .  .  .      
 regardless of college major or professional experience ,  nearly 100% of our full - time employees start out in our management training program .  this allows everyone to learn our business from the ground up and understand how they play a significant role in seeing it succeed .   once you ve completed your initial orientation and training ,  you ll be assigned to a branch office in your home area and the hands - on training begins .  you ll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes .  nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as management trainees .   during your first year ,  you will actively participate in everything from sales and marketing and customer service to operations and finance .  as you progress ,  you will be tested and evaluated to determine your proficiency in these areas .  successful completion of these tests and evaluations will result in rewards ,  pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions .   as you progress ,  increasingly more opportunities will become available to you .  you can choose ,  as most people do ,  to continue your rewarding ascent within our rental operations managerial track or you can explore one of many other exciting options including fleet management ,  human resources ,  car sales ,  accounting ,  marketing and more .    as a management trainee ,  you are empowered to make business decisions that greatly affect your career as well as the bottom line .  you ll gain responsibility for developing new business and maintaining current relationships .  you ll be responsible for understanding cost control ,  reading your branch s p&l statement and understanding what it takes to run a profitable business .  you will also learn how to deliver superior customer service .  we will teach you how to effectively communicate ,  influence and interact with all types of customers ,  vendors and co - workers .  you ll learn proper sales techniques to problem solving and conflict management .  those skills will provide you with the opportunity to market to local business partners and build solid ,  long - lasting relationships with key business decision - makers .  in your development to become a successful manager at enterprise ,  you ll learn how to mentor ,  train ,  develop ,  manage and promote a staff of your own .      bachelor s degree required .    previous experience in sales ,  customer service ,  or management .    must have a valid driver s license with no more than 2 moving violations on driving record in the last 3 years   no drug or alcohol convictions on driving record within the past 5 years .    must be at least 18 years old .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 i m launching a new web site and am looking for a virtual assistant who can work with me and help me throughout the phase of the project .  your work will include   -  research ,  lots of it .  web researching ,  finding information on the web ,  social media researching .   -  organizing data into google folders  -  scheduling an eye for design and web user interface is a must .  job description  i m looking for a virtual assistant to help me manage incoming calls and emails ,  schedule events ,  and help me stay on top of all of my obligations .  your responsibilities   -  data analysis / entry into excel ,  word or other programs  -  research using the internet or other information databases  -  outbound calling to clients ,  vendors or others  -  other miscellaneous tasks that can be performed online  -  must be accessible ,  online and on elance work view during agreed - upon office hours your qualifications   -  previous experience as an administrative assistant preferred  -  broadband internet connection  -  strong understanding of internet and online communication tools  -  ability to multitask and take on multiple projects  -  ability to meet deadlines  -  strong communications skills and attention to detail a must  -  a complete elance profile  -  references or an established reputation on elance preferred desired skills  admin assistant graphic design microsoft excel microsoft office microsoft word     
 i am in need of a part - time virtual assistant ,  doing tasks related to website ,  blog ,  newsletter ,  branding ,  and social media .  tasks that i need help with  1 .  website  ( updates to design )  2 .  create blog design 3 .  branding 4 .  social media setup upon selection there will be a probationary period of 1 week before being hired for longer .  please apply if you are a proactive individual who is self - motivated ,  creative ,  patient ,  open to suggestions for revisions / edits ,  and wants to help teachers  ( my field of expertise )  .  in your response please mention the word teachers  ( this will help me make sure the interested applicant has read all of the job description .  thank you for your interest .  desired skills  admin assistant computer skills social media marketing blog integration website design     
 heery international is seeking a junior architect to assist the design team for a large healthcare project in philadelphia ,  pa .       a bachelors or masters degree in architecture is required as minimum of three years experience with no more than five years .   key skills required include strong 3d ability  ( rhino ,  revit )  ,  plus autocad drafting and construction documentation experience .   candidate must possess strong design capability and ability to work with project designers to develop the design in 3d and cad .   the ability to work within the united states immediately on a regular full - time basis is required .   we will be considering local candidates with no relocation first .   heery international ,  inc .  offers a competitive salary and full benefits package and there is continual growth and opportunity within .  all offers are contingent to taking and passing a pre - employment substance abuse screen .  eoe / m / f / h / v .      
 provide academic support to harrington college of design students through lab instruction / assistance ,  one - on - one tutoring and / or classroom assistance .  work with students ,  across the curriculum ,  on homework assignments ,  answer questions and provide objective insight on student work ,  while allowing students to do their own work and supporting the school ,  instructors and assignments work with faculty in all programs to ensure that curriculum is adhered to and have a working knowledge of assignments in all programs  ( may learn over time and continue to learn and keep up with changes in curriculum )  proctor placements tests and individual classroom exams in labs make continuous personal improvement through workshops ,  classes or brush up courses to develop specific skills in technology and design as determined by the need of students and faculty      understanding of a wide range of photography equipment and knowledge of how to maintain and repair equipment computer and organizational skills to check out cage equipment and track maintenance and repairs must have working knowledge of a wide variety of the most up - to - date computer and photography programs taught at harrington must have patience ,  good inter - personal skills and work collaboratively with a team of other part time teaching assistants .      
 architectural design firm in latham ,  ny seeks motivated intern architect with a minimum of one year experience for involvement in all phases of design and construction documentation .  strong working knowledge of autodesk revit is a mandatory requirement and must be clearly indicated on resumes for consideration .  qualified candidates will possess  working knowledge of both commercial and residential building types ,  and excellent organizational skills for the development of fast moving design and documentation phase services .      
 reporting to the curator of contemporary art ,  the curatorial assistant supports day - to - day curatorial functions in the department of contemporary art including  exhibition planning ,  collection research ,  care and acquisition  preparation of publications  and teaching from exhibitions and the collection .    bachelor s degree in art ,  art history ,  or related field required  master s degree preferred .   knowledge of contemporary art required  familiarity with video art and new media desired .   office experience necessary ,  preferably in a museum ,  gallery ,  or related area .   excellent writing ,  computer ,  and organizational skills  ability to collaborate .      
 heery international is seeking a junior architect to assist the design team for a large healthcare project in philadelphia ,  pa .  a bachelors or masters degree in architecture is required as minimum of three years experience with no more than five years .  key skills required include strong 3d ability  ( rhino ,  revit )  ,  plus autocad drafting and construction documentation experience .  candidate must possess strong design capability and ability to work with project designers to develop the design in 3d and cad .  the ability to work within the united states immediately on a regular full - time basis is required .  we will be considering local candidates with no relocation first .  heery international ,  inc .  offers a competitive salary and full benefits package and there is continual growth and opportunity within .  all offers are contingent to taking and passing a pre - employment substance abuse screen .  eoe / m / f / h / v .      
 position overviewtogether ,  we create design solutions to the greatest challenges facing our clients and society .   cannon design is ranked among the leading international firms in planning and design and in delivering success for our clients in the areas of  health ,  education ,  corporate and government markets .   the firm employs a staff of over 1 , 000 ,  delivering services across our network of offices throughout north america and in china and india .   our culture of innovation places strong emphasis on collaboration ,  mutual support ,  personal growth ,  productivity and accountability ,  offering challenging and rewarding career opportunities in a dynamic ,  high - performance team environment .  cannon design has an exceptional opportunity for construction administration coordinator / administrative assistant based in our new york city office .    this is not a field position .  responsibilities will include ,  but not be limited to ,  assisting construction administrator and project team members in maintaining project communication & correspondence ,  owner agreements ,  and contractor schedules  route and log rfi’s ,  submittals and progress reports  issue change documents and maintain financial data on all ca phase projects  collect and issue project closeout documents  catalog and file historical project data .   responsibilities may also include project administrative support related to development of team rosters ,  project schedules ,  memoranda and meeting reports ,  punch lists and other project correspondence and deliverables .    minimum 5 years relevant experience and strong organizational and communication skills required .  a history of demonstrated administrative skills in an office setting required .  must be able to work in multitasked ,  deadline driven environment and handle large volume of documents .  primavera contract manager  ( aka expedition )  ,  microsoft office suite ,  bluebeam pdf revu or adobe equivalent strongly desired .  power point and photo shop skills a plus .   associate’s degree ,  web - based database programs and construction industry - related experience required .    join us at cannon design ,  one of the finest design and project delivery firms in the world .  upload resumes and portfolio materials through our career portal located at www . cannondesign . com .  eeo / aa     
 job description responsibilities   - interact with artists ,  architects ,  interior designers and other home decor professionals  - contacting existing and potential clients through direct calls and / or email communication  - creating and maintaining excel spreadsheet sales reports  - assisting with scheduling ,  preparation ,  set - up for vedere related events  ( ie .  tradeshows ,  sponsored & co - sponsored events )   - attending and covering industry events on behalf of the company ,  as needed  - research of potential new leads  - research market and customer demographics  - write copy for newsletter and site qualifications  - currently attending college or recent college graduate  - be enthusiastic ,  self - motivating ,  and highly organized  - proficient in microsoft office suite  ( word ,  excel ,  powerpoint )   - able to attend occasional events  - ability to work flexible hours  - positive attitude and outgoing personality  ( we like fun folks !  )   - strong work ethic  - personal interest in art ,  interior design ,  home decor and architecture a plus additional information must be located in new york or surrounding area .  paid internship .  school credits can be obtained and referral upon completion of internship period .  potential to turn into full time position .  please provide a cover letter .  all your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines .      
 leading ecommerce provider actively recruiting an experienced ,  a - player to join our sales & marketing team .  you will be tasked with prospecting our targeted markets ,  developing and qualifying opportunities with prospective customers ,  and coordinating with marketing in any lead generation efforts .  in addition ,  you will manage and nurture opportunities to ensure their progression through the sales funnel .  compensation for the position is made up of salary ,  commission ,  and bonus based components .  responsibilities  lead generation  prospect target clients ,  markets or accounts with partners and resellers  respond to inbound leads  follow up with leads generated by various marketing programs and sales campaigns .  opportunity management  nurture and ensure the progression of pipeline leads and opportunities through the sales funnel ,  and monitor lead activity through salesforce reporting .  market positioning  understand wsm s products ,  value proposition ,  and positioning  keep up - to - date on industry trends and the competition s positioning within the marketplace .  qualifications  bachelor s degree 1 to 3 years of sales experience  ( experience in b2b ,  saas ,  or ecommerce industries preferred )  strong communication skills     
 job summary the intern program exposes college students who ,  typically ,  are working toward a degree in engineering ,  architecture or construction management ,  to three functional areas  estimating ,  project management and field supervision .  generally ,  this program draws its participants from recruiting activity at local colleges and universities .  responsibilities the following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position .  they are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties ,  responsibilities and skills required of personnel so classified .  technical services learn the estimating processes and procedures while providing valuable assistance to the professional estimating staff .  quantity surveys aid in pricing alternates help ensure complete coverage may assist the professional scheduling staff while learning the scheduling and logistics processes and procedures project management learn the essential functions and processes of project management thorough on - the - job training ,  assisting project managers in most aspects of their work .  may include  project planning help office courier learn procedures for purchase orders ,  trade contracts and subcontracts aid in set up of job files and logs using microsoft products and / or other software project operations assist project team with shop drawings ,  samples ,  catalog data  ( plans and specifications )  set up logs consisting of trade / subcontractors and suppliers and assist project team in acquiring insurance certificates ,  contracts ,  applications for payment ,  material delivery ,  and equipment delivery .  distribute information in the form of letters of transmittal as required by project team learn phone etiquette quote changes .  help acquire pricing and telephone follow - ups .  document instructions ,  requests ,  decisions ,  etc .  ,  in writing .  review and track equipment list .  may attend weekly owner / architect / contractor coordination meetings .  1 . gain a thorough understanding of company processes and procedures relative to field operations as well as a full appreciation for the responsibilities of the job superintendent ,  including the nature of the working relationship between the project manager and the superintendent . 2 . assist in field operations as deemed necessary by the project manager and superintendent . 3 . perform plan and specification review4 . schedule updates     
 manage ,  direct and provide quality leadership for the administrative activities of the pharmacy practice department in the college of pharmacy  administrative duties to include coordination and supervision of the budget ,  personnel ,  policies and procedures ,  and program development .  assure that the academic needs of the students are served in an effective manner ,  including but not limited to ,  the development ,  maintenance and / or oversight of didactic scheduling in the final two years of the professional curriculum and all experiential scheduling .  plan ,  direct ,  and supervise the coordination of the academic programs in a harmonious and supportive style .  supervise faculty and staff .  chair / serve on assigned committees .  represent the college at state and national meetings in the absence of the dean .    doctor of pharmacy or clinically based masters degree in pharmacy   transcript 1 ( required )   applicants must attach a copy of unofficial transcripts .  transcripts must include  institution name ,  applicant name ,  date degree attained ,  degree awarded .  finalist will be required to submit an official transcript .  license  ( optional )   applicants must submit a copy of active pharmacist license .    responsibilities  directly responsible to the dean of the college of pharmacy .  responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of designated information .    active pharmacist license .  identify and recommend effective modes of instruction .  history of conducting scholarly activity and publishing within professional journals .  work experience as a department head or department chair .  administrative experience in a clinical or pharmacy practice environment outside of higher education .      
 auto req id 25943br job posting title intern  -  network switch arch performance  ( spring co - op )  business unit infrastructure and networking job description description   responsible for developing the models and infrastructure for the architecture models of our high speed switching devices .  candidate will also be collecting performance data of architectural models and providing guidance on improving the performance .  will be interacting with principal architects and designers of the devices .  involves writing scripts ,  running simulations ,  collecting data ,  analyzing and documenting the results .  job requirements   1 .  pursuing m . s .  or ph . d .  in electrical engineering and / or computer science 2 .  excellent communication skills 3 . background in networking algorithms and protocols .  4 .  proficiency with c / c++ ,  python ,  perl ,  database programming .  desirable skills  1 .  some experience with a scripting language such as tcl .  2 .  experience with a simulation tool such as systemc / ns - 2 .  job requirements description   responsible for developing the models and infrastructure for the architecture models of our high speed switching devices .  candidate will also be collecting performance data of architectural models and providing guidance on improving the performance .  will be interacting with principal architects and designers of the devices .  involves writing scripts ,  running simulations ,  collecting data ,  analyzing and documenting the results .  job requirements   1 .  pursuing m . s .  or ph . d .  in electrical engineering and / or computer science 2 .  excellent communication skills 3 . background in networking algorithms and protocols .  4 .  proficiency with c / c++ ,  python ,  perl and database programming .  desirable skills  1 .  some experience with a scripting language such as tcl .  2 .  experience with a simulation tool such as systemc / ns - 2 country us state / province ca city / town san jose shift 1st shift  -  day percent of travel required none function engineering discipline intern     
 summary  you will develop exceptional extjs web applications — all while ensuring the highest degree of customer satisfaction .  you will gain exposure to different industries and businesses and play a key role in enabling the success of customer engagements .  the extjs developer is a crucial player in bringing designs to life in code ,  updating existing web applications and making sure the view ,  models and controllers are all in sync .  from early on in the project you will identify and mitigate any technological and design risks that will effect the extjs development .  you will identify what elements can be accomplished using default components ,  building custom components ,  or leveraging extjs user extensions .  you will identify any risks in the api or web services that will impact the extjs client .  you will multi - task and manage your time effectively and may be assigned concurrent projects and work with other designers and developers .  duties and responsibilities    we are looking for junior level  ( 2 months - 1 year )  and intermediate  ( 1 – 3 years )  experience with extjs .    manage and deliver extjs applications on time and within budget and scope .    extjs4 . 1 experience   excellent verbal and written communication skills .    strong knowledge of browser dependencies ,  differences and capabilities .    estimate extjs development .    strong analytical and problem solving skills .    proven organizational skills and strong attention to detail .    knowledge of migration of extjs3 . 4 or prior to extjs 4 . 1 .    custom theme development .    mentorship ,  support and training of other team members or client team members .    a sense of humor and tenacity .    preferred  javascript or other javascript framework experience  .    preferred  sencha touch 2 . 0 and html5 experience .  perks    health benefits and vacation   competitive salary  compensation doe applications without a resume will not be considered .  no recruiters or placement agencies     
 job description we are looking for ,  energetic ,  self - motivated office intern to help out with day - to - day tasks 2 - 3 days a week ,  and want to learn more about the fashion industry .  devon leigh designs is an established jewelry and accessories company that has been featured in allure ,  elle ,  lucky ,  vibe and many more domestic and international fashion magazines .  this internship is an amazing opportunity to gain first hand experience about the business side of the fashion industry and as part of this internship you will be working closely with staff and designers to facilitate the sales and distribution of our products .  responsibilities include ,  but not limited to  list / research buyers organizing products keeping track of inventory distribute products for clients customer service / administrative tasks trunk show preparation  organization of jewelry and other products job requirements an interested in the fashion industry ,  or wanting to learn more must be detailed oriented have positive attitude strong management skills proficient in microsoft office suite have a valid drivers license /  reliable transportation our intern wish list proficient in microsoft office suite experience with photoshop interested in expanding our social media sales experience or fashion experience familiar with the los angeles area this is an unpaid internship ,  but the experienced gain is invaluable .  you will be compensated for travel expenses for running errands ,  and fun lunch dates out with the office .  you will learn more about how a business works in the fashion industry ,  client relations ,  and help the company grow more each day .  please send your cover letter and resume to paulina@devonleighdesign . com interviews will take place sept .  30th and oct .  1st .  the internship begins oct .  7th .  qualifications null additional information null     
 we are seeking students entering their last year of university / college studies ,  either at the undergraduate or the graduate level .  work assignments are designed to provide practical experience in the specific area of study .  all interns will be assessed to determine if full time job offer will be extended at the end of the internship period .   basic minimum requirements   candidates must be in their last year of college or a recent graduate with a bachelors or masters degree .   candidates will need to effectively communicate  ( written & oral )  .   this position will require an individual that is willing to perform a variety of tasks and work both independently and as part of a team .                internship  /  vacation student  /  graduate  /  sponsorship     
 graphic designer intern job description imri is looking for an innovative junior - level graphic designerintern to support our organization’s marketing collateral .  this is a hands - on ,  highly detail - oriented role that involves creating and design of marketing material that is in - line with the imri’s brand .  this is a part - time position .  the intern will be responsible for supporting all graphic design elements of the organization’s marketing collateral ,  and should be able to provide a degree of real - world graphic design / technical support to the marketing material aimed at supporting and developing our businesses .  primary responsibilities  · development and creation of presentations and layouts based on the imri’s brand · design presentations ,  logos ,  icons ,  event graphics / collateral ,  info graphics ,  web based - elements ,  and internal communication collateral · determine hierarchy ,  size and arrangement of copy and graphics ,  select style and size of type ,  and arrange layouts based on available space and aesthetic design concepts · ensure the accuracy of all information contained in created file · ensure consistent implementation of all imri’s branded elements into marketing materials · other duties as assigned requirements · bachelor’s degree in graphic design ,  marketing ,  advertising ,  communications ,  journalism or related field · portfolio and work samples demonstrating proven experience in designing marketing collateral .  · 1 - 2 years of experience as a graphic designer · understanding how front - end web development works  ( e . g .  css ,  html ,  javascript )  · creative problem solving skills · amazing sense of typography ,  color ,  layout ,  and hierarchy · experience in producing final files ready for press or web · ability to translate existing designs in a variety of media · working knowledge of graphic design software on a mac - based platform ,  specifically adobe indesign ,  adobe cs6 , illustrator ,  photoshop and ms office suite · knowledge of the latest graphic design / marketing and communication trends and techniques “imri is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action employer that provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  national origin ,  ancestry ,  age ,  disability ,  marital status ,  veteran status ,  or sexual orientation in accordance with applicable federal ,  state ,  and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which imri has facilities .  this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment ,  including but not limited to ,  employment ,  recruitment ,  selection ,  compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  promotions ,  demotions ,  layoffs ,  terminations ,  and all other terms and conditions of employment . ”     
 headquartered in san diego ,  california ,  usa ,  solar turbines incorporated ,  a subsidiary of caterpillar inc .  ,  is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of industrial gas turbines ,  with more than 14 , 400 units and over 1 . 9 billion operating hours in 98 countries .   products from solar turbines play an important role in the development of oil ,  natural gas and power generation projects around the world .  solar turbines’ products include gas turbine engines  ( rated from 1590 to 30 , 000 horsepower )  ,  gas compressors ,  and gas turbine - powered compressor sets ,  mechanical - drive packages and generator sets  ( ranging from 1 . 1 to 22 megawatts )  .   solar’s customers put the company’s products to work in many areas including production ,  processing and pipeline transmission of natural gas and crude oil and generation of electricity and thermal energy for processing applications ,  such as manufacturing chemicals ,  pharmaceuticals ,  and food products .   solar’s foundation is people and solar’s culture is one where individual contributions are valued ,  diversity in the workplace is encouraged ,  and safety is emphasized in all aspects of the business .  solar turbines is comprised of a dedicated and multi - talented workforce of more than 7 , 500 employees with decades of experience working as a global team .   we currently have a career opportunity for a internship  -  controls design engineer at our kearny mesa facility in san diego .   job description   customer services package refurbishment and upgrades  ( pr&u )  engineering provides engineered solutions in support of the aftermarket business .  this position is responsible for the control system design of package upgrades and retrofits .  the candidate will be thorough ,  organized ,  and detail oriented ,  and able to convey concepts and thoughts in a concise manner .   the incumbent must be able to independently gather and analyze relevant data and define project issues in engineering terms .  the ability to work in a fast paced ,  teaming environment  capable of handling multiple projects simultaneously ,  while meeting various deadlines and project schedule commitments is also needed .   excellent oral and written communication skills are needed to ensure that other project team members are kept informed regarding problems and issues for projects in work .   strong interpersonal ,  good judgment ,  and teaming skills are also needed .   qualifications   the position works with various engineering ,  manufacturing ,  and field installation personnel to ensure that project designs are high quality ,  safe ,  and cost - effective while meeting customer commitments by providing accurate and timely control system designs ,  documentation and software .  interfaces extensively and resolves problems with other engineering disciplines and production to ensure incorporation of all required package design criteria .   works interactively with installation and commissioning personnel to ensure customer downtime is minimized during project execution .  must be able to interpret engineering drawings and apply this information to create overall package control system design .  sales orders are executed under the direction of customer services project management in conjunction with an interdisciplinary team .  the successful candidate is a college student working towards a bachelor of science degree in engineering .   applicants must be currently eligible to work in the united states .   for information on employment eligibility in the united states ,  please visit the u . s .  immigration services website .   solar turbines offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical ,  dental ,  life insurance ,  vacation ,  401k ,  incentive bonus ,  tuition reimbursement and professional development / advancement opportunities .   solar turbines is an equal opportunity employer .   solar turbines conducts drug screens and background checks .   please visit our website www . solarturbines . com for more information about our company .      
 hard skills    thorough knowledge and experience with adobe creative suite—indesign ,  illustrator and photoshop and microsoft office suite .   soft skills    strong work ethic and the willingness to learn .  desire to produce excellent design / illustration / layouts based on great ideas .  excellent listening skills .  strong attention to detail .  able to work independently and as a team member .   details    gsd&m design / studio interns will provide support to design / studio departments by helping concept ,  design and assist on various client and agency - related projects .  duties may include  scanning images ,  creating comps ,  mounting and trimming work for presentations ,  ordering supplies and creating / modifying agency collateral .  interns receive the opportunity to develop their final portfolio with the guidance ,  creative review and feedback from industry experts within the design / studio group .   please submit work via an online portfolio .  the link to your site should be contained within your cover letter or resume .  previous internship ( s )  are preferred but not required .   this is a paid internship ,  up to 20 hours per week .      
 provide assistance to the cad / bim group during the implementation of a global positioning & geographical information system  ( gps / gis )  .  gather gps location data for visible ,  found ,  and / or installed utilities and site elements  ( curbs ,  sidewalks ,  building corners ,  etc .  )  download gathered gps data into autocad civil 3d program ,   connect the dots  ,  and add necessary documentation .  go through historical drawings of campus construction projects to track ,  document ,  and verify utility locations throughout campus and compare / update current cad drawings .  compare cad and gps data ,  rectifying discrepancies .  perform basic ,  visual site verification of completed construction / remodel projects and compare with asbuilt drawings to assure accuracy .  edit autocad and / or revit drawing files as changes occur to buildings or site conditions .       to apply ,  complete the online application and attach a resume ,  cover letter and the names and contact information for three references .   if you are hired ,  please keep in mind that you will need to complete the appropriate documents in payroll prior to being paid .   the screening of applicants will begin immediately and will remain open until filled .   wsu is an aa / eo employer .      
 position summary  support of the following engineering functions  mechanical ,  manufacturing ,  and electrical .  exposure to and project participation in many functional areas .  expand and enhance basic knowledge in conjunction with academic subjects of study .  interact with supervisors ,  project leaders ,  engineers ,  technicians ,  and those with skilled trades on a daily basis . job responsibilities  1 .  mechanical engineering  -  support mechanical engineering staffs by performing basic and repetitive engineering assignments in the design ,  development ,  and production of high - volume engines and end - products .  participate in a variety of rotational assignments in functional areas  i . e .  ,  product test ,  design and development ,  machine shop ,  component and technology research ,  application engineering ,  materials ,  and manufacturing .  assignments draw upon knowledge of thermo - dynamics ,  heat transfer ,  fluid dynamics ,  strength of materials ,  material science ,  machine elements ,  and manufacturing . 2 .  electrical engineering  -  support electrical engineering staffs by performing basic and repetitive engineering assignments in the design of product and in support of product development toward production of high - volume engine -  and end - product .  participate in a variety of rotational assignments in functional areas  i . e .  ,  testing ,  applications ,  manufacturing  ( automation and plc programming )  ,  electrical design ,  electro - mechanical devices ,  instrumentation  ( data acquisition and dyno control )  ,  and microprocessors .  assignments will draw upon knowledge of electronics ,  hardware and software ,  wiring ,  circuit board design ,  programming  ( visual basic ,  c++ )  ,  embedded systems training ,  testing and recording of data . 3 .  manufacturing engineering  -  support manufacturing engineering staffs by performing basic and repetitive engineering assignments using standard procedures in implementing production / processing methods and controls to meet quality standards in the most cost efficient manner .  participate in a variety of assignments in functional areas  i . e .  ,  tooling ,  diecast ,  stamping ,  quality ,  assembly ,  manufacturing development ,  and coatings .  assignments will draw upon knowledge of thermo - dynamics ,  heat transfer ,  fluid dynamics ,  strength of materials ,  material science ,  machine elements ,  and manufacturing .  observe and learn manufacturing and engineering methods to permit manufacture by the most favorable methods  ( dfm )  . engineering  · perform other duties and responsibilities as requested or required · perform specific and limited portions of less complex assignments for higher - level engineerscompetenciesjob skills requirements  1 .  mechanical engineering  -  students should be mechanically inclined and have an interest in internal combustion engines or other briggs & stratton products and equipment2 .  electrical engineering  -  students should have an aptitude for electrical components and devices3 .  manufacturing engineering  -  students should be mechanically inclined and have an interest in machinery ,  manufacturing ,  and equipmenteducation requirements · must be enrolled as a full - time student in an accredited college or university studying toward a bachelors of science in engineering· must complete the sophomore year in the major program of study prior to beginning the co - op· must have and maintain a minimum g . p . a .  of 2 . 5 / 4 . 0experience requirements · this is an entry - level position therefore previous engineering experience is not required· industrial ,  engineering ,  and / or hands - on work experience is helpfuldesignerposition summary support one or more of the following engineering functions  mechanical ,  manufacturing ,  engine design and / or electrical engineering .  participate in a variety of project assignments in disciplines including but not limited to  product testing ,  quality control ,  and component design .  interact with supervisors ,  project leaders ,  engineers ,  technicians ,  and those with skilled trades on a daily basis . job responsibilities · support mechanical and / or electrical engineers by performing simple ,  routine and repetitive designs using standard procedures ,  tools ,  materials ,  machines ,  equipment and software in implementing production / processing methods and controls to meet quality standards in the most cost efficient manner · during the summer term ,  learn engineer software program  ( e . g .  pro - e )  and work on small projects and engineering changes while learning the briggs & stratton engine system · shadow an engineer and senior designer · during the fall and spring terms ,  work on more complicated drawings and assist on project on a part - time basis· perform other duties and responsibilities as requested or required· support mechanical and / or electrical engineers by performing simple ,  routine and repetitive designs using standard procedures ,  tools ,  materials ,  machines ,  equipment and software in implementing production / processing methods and controls to meet quality standards in the most cost efficient manner · during the summer term ,  learn engineer software program  ( e . g .  pro - e )  and work on small projects and engineering changes while learning the briggs & stratton engine system competenciesjob skills requirements  · must have good mechanical aptitude · an interest in design and / or engines is desirededucation requirements · must be enrolled as a full - time student in an accredited college or university studying toward an associate’s degree in mechanical design· must have and maintain a minimum g . p . a .  of 2 . 5 / 4 . 0experience requirements this is an entry level position therefore previous experience is not requiredbriggs & stratton corporation ,  headquartered in milwaukee ,  wisconsin ,  is the world’s largest producer of gasoline engines for outdoor power equipment .  its wholly owned subsidiary briggs & stratton power products group llc is north america’s number one manufacturer of portable generators and pressure washers ,  and is a leading designer ,  manufacturer and marketer of lawn and garden and turf care through its simplicity® ,  snapper® ,  ferris® and murray® brands .  briggs & stratton products are designed ,  manufactured ,  marketed and serviced in over 100 countries on six continents . briggs & stratton corporation is committed to a policy of equal opportunity .  the company conducts all employment practices without regard to race ,  sex ,  age ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  national origin ,  ancestry ,  marital status ,  disability ,  veteran status ,  or any other basis prohibited by state or federal law .  briggs & stratton also undertakes affirmative action to assure equal employment opportunity for minorities and women ,  for persons with disabilities ,  and for covered veterans .  briggs & stratton is an equal opportunity  /  affirmative action employer .      
 kinnser software is looking for a training design intern in our client services department for the spring / summer term .  this is a creative role primarily responsible for writing ,  creating ,  and editing customer help file and video content .  additional responsibilities include compiling and reporting web metrics to management and assisting the training department with implementing new training software .  we are looking for smart individuals who seek to learn and grow their career while improving the healthcare system .  job duties work with training ,  technical writing ,  and technical support departments to assist in the development of customer help files and training videos edit existing customer help files .  ensure deliverables align with kinnser style guidelines and culture and convey the appropriate tone and meaning to customers .  provide regular status reports and metrics for management to update status of current and projected deliverables and in anticipation of upcoming product releases  /  scheduled communications .  assist with implementation of new training software position skills and experience graphic design ,  communications / journalism ,  or education major experience with html and web and video editing tools experience with web - based training platforms  ( such as captivate ,  camptasia ,  etc .  )  experience with adobe creative suite demonstrated project management experience training experience is a plus about the company  kinnser software provides the complete electronic medical record  ( emr )  solution to the home health industry .  our easy to use saas solution improves the lives of patients who are being cared for at home ,  while improving business and clinical results of the home health care agency that provides that care .  kinnser improves collaboration and transforms data into actionable information for better decisions .  in 2012 ,  kinnser was named one of austin business journal s   fast 50   ,  as the 8th fastest - growing private company in central texas .  also in 2012 ,  kinnser was named among austin s top workplaces .  in 2011 and 2010 ,  kinnser was recognized in inc magazine’s list of the 500 fastest growing private companies in the united states and was among the top 50 fastest growing software companies .  we have clients in 22 states and the us virgin islands .  based in south austin ,  kinnser offers competitive compensation ,  excellent health and employer matched retirement benefits ,  paid time off and a casual and progressive work environment .  kinnser software values individuality and is an equal opportunity employer .  about the kinnser intern program  kinnser interns  (   kinterns   )  enjoy challenging project work in a fun and collaborative environment that directly benefits the company and its customers .  interns can expect regular one - on - one interaction with department and company leadership ,  along with opportunities to plan and participate in social and volunteer activities .  interns make up the kinnser intern council which meets weekly to discuss projects ,  share ideas ,  and learn from q&a with special guests / executives .      
 texas instruments incorporated  ( ti )  is a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company that develops analog ics and embedded processors .  by employing the world s brightest minds ,  ti creates innovations that shape the future of technology .  ti is helping more than 100 , 000 customers transform the future ,  today .  we re committed to building a better future  -  from the responsible manufacturing of our semiconductors ,  to caring for our employees ,  to giving back inside our communities and developing great minds .  put your talent to work with us  -  change the world ,  love your job !  about the job as a design engineering intern ,  you ll architect new ti products and make our customers  visions a reality .  you ll define ,  design ,  model ,  implement and document analog ,  digital ,  and rf integrated circuits  ( ics )  .  and ,  you ll have the opportunity to work in exciting areas like audio ,  imaging ,  high - speed ,  interface ,  clocking ,  medical ,  high volume linear ,  automotive ,  storage ,  power supply ,  battery management ,  linear power and many more .  some of your responsibilities will include ,  but will not be limited to  • partnering with business teams and system engineering to develop mutually agreeable design specifications • providing high - level analysis on chip architecture trade - offs to ensure spec compliance and superior performance at a competitive cost • participating in design reviews and creating the necessary design and product documentation • supervising ic layouts to ensure a high - performance standard • characterizing prototypes ,  developing test specifications and coordinating with test / product engineering to drive product releases • driving behavioral models put your talent to work with us as a design engineer intern  -  change the world ,  love your job !  minimum requirements  • currently pursuing a graduate degree in electrical engineering ,  electronics technology ,  electrical engineering technology ,  computer engineering ,  electrical and computer engineering or related field • minimum cumulative 3 . 0 / 4 . 0 gpa • solid teaming skills are needed to enable an on - time ic delivery • strong verbal and written communication skills ,  with the ability to influence decisions to be considered for this position ,  please apply to this requisition .  texas instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse ,  inclusive work environment .  job opening type co - op  -  new minimum education level bachelor s level degree related field ( s )  of study electrical engineering computer engineering electronic technology electrical eng technology electrical & computer engineer minimum years of experience 0 regular  /  temporary regular full - time  /  part - time full - time country united states job location ( s )  usa - arizona usa - colorado usa - maine - portland usa - maryland - germantown usa - new hampshire - manchester usa - north carolina usa - california - northern usa - other usa - pennsylvania usa - california - southern usa - texas - austin usa - texas - dallas metroplex usa - texas - houston / stafford usa - texas - other texas locations virtual  /  telecommute no     
 provides basic administrative ,  clerical and technical support services under the supervision of a licensed provider for the sutter gould medical foundation patients and their families .   assists the physician or other medical providers in implementing the medical care plan to include obtaining history and physical ,  accurate vital signs ,  medication administration ,  tests ,  and procedures ,  phone calls ,  scheduling and obtaining authorizations .   sutter gould medical foundation  ( sgmf ) is a non - profit ,  multi - specialty health care organization affiliated with sutter health .  based in modesto ,  sgmf provides quality medical care ,  health education and research activities in a five - county area .  sgmf s medical staff includes family practitioners ,  internists and pediatricians ,  as well as a range of specialist physicians .  services include imaging ,  nuclear medicine ,  a health library ,  health education programs ,  occupational medicine ,  diabetes education ,  nutrition counseling ,  infertility counseling ,  and weight management .   qualifications  high school diploma or ged .  graduate of an approved medical assisting program ,  with possession of a current certificate or registration as medical assistant through any of the following organizations  the california certified medical assistants  ( ccma )  ,  american association of medical assistants  ( aama )  ,  or american medical technologists  ( amt )  .  current bls for healthcare providers certification is required .  typing certificate 35 wpm  ,  typing certificate is required at the time of an interview .   demonstration of medical assisting skills such as would be obtained in externship portion of medical assisting program working in the back office of a licensed physician or podiatrist .   knowledge of basic anatomy and physiology .  knowledge of what constitutes a medical emergency requiring a physician or licensed nurse s attention .   knowledge of scope of practice of a medical assistant .   knowledge and understanding of medication administration .  knowledge of medical terminology .   knowledge of computers and their applications .   ability to learn successfully utilize the electronic health record .  ability to read ,  write and verbally communicate effectively and professionally in english .  dosage calculation skills as proven by successful competition of medication test .   competency in basic medical assisting skills such as medication administration ,  chart documentation ,  taking vital signs ,  preparing patients for exam ,  performing basic testing such as finger sticks ,  ecgs etc .  ability to efficiently operate office equipment ,  i . e .  fax ,  photocopy machine ,  etc .  organizational skills are important for this position .  the ability to manage multiple priorities and demands on time ,  while remaining calm .   excellent customer service skills are required for this position .   primary location   california - central valley - modesto  organization   sutter gould medical foundation  employee status   regular  accepted applications   all candidate applications accepted  minimum salary   $14 . 79  maximum salary   $22 . 19  benefits   yes  position status   non - exempt  union   no  job shift   day  shift hours  -  8 hour shift  days of the week scheduled   monday - friday  weekend requirements   other  schedule   full time  hours per 2wk pay period   80     
 a fresh approach to great results .  charlotte - based compass group north america is the leader in foodservice management and support services .  by combining fresh ideas with the industry s greatest talent ,  we continue to set the standards for food and service excellence .  our vision for success is a powerful one – to continue to rise above the competition in every aspect of our business – from leading - edge technology ,  to purchasing ,  to foodservice ,  to catering and vending ,  to facilities management and support services .  that kind of commitment commands only the best ,  and it s our great people providing great service that generates our great results .  in turn ,  it s important to us that our talented employees be given the proper resources to achieve their fullest potential .  play a key role in our future success   join a professional selling organization and global leader !  !   a company that allows you the freedom to set your own schedule ,  achieve unlimited earning potential ,  and recognizes and rewards excellence .   competitive base salary plus commission  benefits   quarterly & annual bonuses ,  401k ,  expense accounts ,  continuous training ,  unlimited earning potential ,  annual sales excellence trip & company vehicle  job description   canteen refreshment services ,  a division of compass group north america ,  has an office coffee sales representative position available in the richmond ,  va market .  the sales representative will be responsible for soliciting new management contracts for office coffee and vending services .  this professional top performer must be an organized ,  self starter who is able to work independently .   this position will strictly focus on “new business” development .   this is not a management position .   recipe to succeed   the can do s                                        the will do s  common sense                                     self management  results oriented                                   self direction  personal accountability                         personal drive  sense of mission                                   persistence  initiative  necessary ingredients     2+ years b2b professional selling experience   develop new business opportunities  ( hunter )    ability to communicate effectively in written format and oral presentations   exhibits initiative ,  responsibility ,  flexibility and leadership   cold calling ,  prospecting and discipline to develop markets   high energy ,  positive attitude and excellent communication skills   strong time management & territory development skills   aptitude to identify decision maker ( s )  and ascertain buying criteria  great people .  great service .  great results .  at compass group north america ,  our superior balance of efficiency and quality attract the highest caliber level of service our clients deserve .  we retain the finest workers with a highly competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits plan .  if you re looking for a career where you set the standard for personal advancement ,  then compass group north america is for you !  working together ,  we will continue to experience success as the industry s best .   achieving leadership in the foodservice industry compass group north america is a diversity growth - oriented organization .  our goal is to improve the quality of work life by using fair and consistent treatment and providing equal growth opportunities for all associates .  eoe & aa employer m / f / d / v      career level  mid career  ( 2+ years experience )  sector  canteen vending areas of interest  sales education  bachelor s degree locale  virginia - richmond preferred language  english     
 the receptionist is responsible for welcoming ,  greeting  ,  and assisting patients and visitors to the foundation ,  while providing excellent customer service .  this position may check in patients for appointments ,  schedule appointments ,   enter  messages into the electronic health record , accepting and assisting with paperwork ,  accepting copays and handling cash .   at some locations this position performs tasks associated with the following  off - site visits ,  bump lists ,  duties with worker s compensation occupational health ,   rejection reports ,  insurance authorizations medical records and duties associated with imaging .   sutter gould medical foundation  ( sgmf ) is a non - profit ,  multi - specialty health care organization affiliated with sutter health .  based in modesto ,  sgmf provides quality medical care ,  health education and research activities in a five - county area .  sgmf s medical staff includes family practitioners ,  internists and pediatricians ,  as well as a range of specialist physicians .  services include imaging ,  nuclear medicine ,  a health library ,  health education programs ,  occupational medicine ,   diabetes education ,  nutrition counseling ,  infertility counseling ,  and weight management .   qualifications  high school graduate or ged required .   proof of successful completion of basic anatomy and medical terminology is required .   professional medical office program certificate preferred .   typing certificate for 35 wpm required and required to be furnished at time of interview .  customer service skills such as would be gained working with the public for minimum of 1 year .   candidate must have previous experience working with computers working in an office setting .   skills in handling money ,  making change and balancing a cash drawer such as would be gained in 6 months of previous experience required .  two years previous experience in the medical field and a basic knowledge of medical insurances is preferred .  a working  knowledge of computer systems and their software applications is essential for this position .   a knowledge of what constitutes excellent customer service and going the extra mile is required .   the ability to read ,  write ,  and verbally communicate in english .   some office locations may require fluency in other languages .  the ability to communicate professionally ,  calmly and effectively with all customers in a medical office environment .   the ability to deal effectively with challenging customer service interactions .   the ability to complete multiple tasks with a high level of accuracy and insure quality communications .   ability to manage shifting priorities with frequent interruptions is a required skill .   math skills sufficient to appropriately handle cash and make correct change are required .   the ability to promote a positive teamwork  through excellent attendance ,  great attitude ,  and a spirit of cooperation .   organizational and prioritization skills are required .   the ability to pay attention to detail is required .  the ability to keep both patient and business information confidential and comply with hippa .   well developed phone and customer service skills are important skills for this position .   good spelling and grammar skill are essential for this position .  ability to learn how to operate office equipment is required .  must be willing to travel to turlock ,  modesto and / or stockton to cover any shifts required .   primary location   california - central valley - modesto  other locations   california - central valley - turlock ,  california - central valley - stockton  organization   sutter gould medical foundation  employee status   regular  accepted applications   all candidate applications accepted  minimum salary   $12 . 50  maximum salary   $18 . 76  employment incentive   no  employee referral bonus   no  benefits   yes  position status   non - exempt  union   no  job shift   day / evening / night  days of the week scheduled   monday - friday  weekend requirements   every other weekend  schedule   part time  hours per 2wk pay period   48     
 provides superior customer service .  responsible for brewing coffee and tea ,  using coffee urns ,  drip or vacuum coffee and tea makers ,  and other kitchen equipment .  perform various duties to assist in filling customer orders ,  operate cash register ,  accept payment from customers ,  and make change .  follow company standards regarding merchandise presentation ,  safety ,  sanitation ,  service and suggestive selling .  clean and polish utensils and equipment used in beverage and food preparation .      
 •to manage a route in the absence of a route representative or as needed .  •identify and acquire high quality ,  long - term ,  “preferred” customers to support growth through acquisition .  •provide exemplary customer service .  •insure the growth of both revenue and number of customers .  •provide exemplary customer service .  •safely operate company vehicle ,  sell and deliver package water cases and ,  on average ,  150+ 3 or 5 - gallon containers of water per day .  each 5 - gallon container weighs approximately 43 pounds .  •develop a relationship with and provide service and products to existing customers that insures customer retention and customer loyalty .  •complete service calls ,  resolving customer problems or complaints .  respond to customer calls on company provided cell phone in a safe and timely manner .  •use pc process / system to manage customers in keying transactions ,  balance all route activates ,  follow daily and am / pm procedures ,  and maintain customer data .  •protect company assets ,  including collection of equipment and payments .  this includes protection of route representative ,  by diligently performing all duties in a safe manner .      
 overall function   reporting to the specialty fulfillment manager ,  the dsd fulfillment clerk accurately fulfills dsd and wholesale coffee orders and assists retail fulfillment with order fulfillment as necessary .  distribute peet s pos supplies in an organized ,  timely and efficient manner ,  and maintaining excellent relationships with the shipping and receiving department .   essential responsibilities     •   maintain order fulfillment in an accurate and sensible manner to avoid damage .    •   report damages and shortages to the fulfillment manager and coordinator .    •   fill hardware supply orders and distribute to stores in a timely and accurate manner .        check the open request reports throughout the day and accommodate emergency requests promptly .        maintain hardware and supply areas in a clean ,  orderly and safe manner .   follow health ,  gmp and safety guidelines .         assist other warehouse employees as needed and as per the request of the plant manager and retail fulfillment supervisors .   qualifications     ability to read and follow written instructions accurately .    manual dexterity and ability to comfortably lift a minimum of 50 pounds .    orientation towards teamwork and an ability to work effectively with a group of people .    accuracy ,  thoroughness ,  reliability ,  and flexibility .    attention to detail and the ability to uphold standards .    self - directed ,  and able to work with minimal supervision .    basic computer skills .    fork lift certifiable and ability to follow strict safety guidelines .      
 about craft coffee we are dedicated to bringing our customers unique coffee experiences .  coffee is an everday ritual .  we aim to make each coffee moment a little more special .  every month ,  our expert panel blindly evaluates 50+ coffees .  from those ,  we select just three that rise to the level of a craft coffee .  we ship our coffee tasting boxes to thousands of customers in all 50 states and dozens of countries .  we re backed by a group of global ,  top - tier investors .  our partners include brands like ted and wired .  food republic regularly includes us in their coffee power rankings .  imbibe magazine called us one of the top coffee companies to watch in 2013 .  we ve been featured in the wall street journal ,  tasting table ,  the next web ,  wired ,  sprudge ,  saveur ,  martha stewart s everyday food ,  bon appetit ,  brink magazine ,  fast company ,  serious eats ,  new york magazine ,  esquire ,  imbibe and a whole lot more .  why you should intern here here s the thing  companies like ours don t typically have entry level positions available because we have limited resources and we need every hire to add very significant value .  you ll hear that a lot if you re looking for     
 a fresh approach to great results .  charlotte - based compass group north america is the leader in foodservice management and support services .  by combining fresh ideas with the industry s greatest talent ,  we continue to set the standards for food and service excellence .  our vision for success is a powerful one – to continue to rise above the competition in every aspect of our business – from leading - edge technology ,  to purchasing ,  to foodservice ,  to catering and vending ,  to facilities management and support services .  that kind of commitment commands only the best ,  and it . s our great people providing great service that generates our great results .  in turn ,  it s important to us that our talented employees be given the proper resources to achieve their fullest potential .  play a key role in our future success   canteen office coffee services ,  a division of compass group north america ,  has a regional sales director position available based in the nebraska / iowa region .  this professional top performer must be an organized ,  self - starter who is able to work independently .   will focus strictly on sales  -  this is not a management position .   join a professional selling organization and global leader !  !  a company that allows you the freedom to set your own schedule ,  achieve unlimited earning potential ,  and recognizes and rewards excellence .   competitive base salary + commission  benefits   quarterly & annual bonuses ,  401k ,  expense accounts ,  continuous training ,  unlimited earning potential ,  annual sales excellence trip & company vehicle .   job description   canteen refreshment services ,  a division of compass group north america ,  has a regional sales director position available in the minnesota market .   this professional top performer must be an organized ,  self starter who is able to work independently .   this position will strictly focus on “new business” development .   this is not a management position .   recipe to succeed   the can do s                   the will do s common sense                 self management results oriented                self direction personal accountability      personal drive sense of mission               persistence initiative  necessary ingredients  • 2+ years b2b professional selling experience • develop new business opportunities  ( hunter )  • ability to communicate effectively in written format and oral presentations • exhibits initiative ,  responsibility ,  flexibility and leadership • cold calling ,  prospecting and discipline to develop markets • high energy ,  positive attitude and excellent communication skills • strong time management & territory development skills • aptitude to identify decision maker ( s )  and ascertain buying criteria  great people…real opportunities achieving leadership in the foodservice industry  compass group north america is a diverse growth - oriented organization .   our goal is to improve the quality of work life by using fair and consistent treatment and providing equal growth opportunities for all associates .    eoe & aa employer  j2w cgcorp      career level  mid career  ( 2+ years experience )  sector  canteen vending areas of interest  sales education  bachelor s degree locale  nebraska - omaha ,  iowa - central / des moines preferred language  english     
clerk - seasonal    
 reporting to district manager ,  the seasonal route sales representative is responsible for serving all grocery customers within a specific route in los angeles by delivering fresh coffee daily .  additionally ,  the rsr will build and maintain relationships with store management to increase peet’s visibility within accounts .   this is a full - time ,  seasonal position .   essential responsibilities      forecasting and ordering a weekly order     merchandising store displays to ensure proper inventory ,  pricing ,  and date code rotation     complying with customers’ scheduled receiving hours and policies     building in - store displays     managing point - of - sale inventory     solicitation of new accounts fitting approved peet’s profile     selling special programs to store owners and managers     keeping all company - supplied equipment clean and serviced ,  including peet’s van ,  warehouse ,  and pos     completing all required reports and paperwork  qualifications      prior dsd /  truck to store sales experience     good verbal communication skills     clean dmv record and insurability     ability to work independently in various settings     
 job description internship description  public relations boutique with premier / celebrity clients is looking for an intern .  the ideal candidate will have some pr experience ,  be proficient in microsoft word ,  excel & cision ,  be detail oriented and have excellent organizational & phone skills ,  and an overall   can do   attitude .  the ability to think ahead ,  work independently ,  stay organized ,  solve problems ,  effectively prioritize and multitask in a fast - paced environment is required .  this is not an internship where you will be fetching coffee ,  you will be trained real world public relations knowlege that will prove incredibly beneifical for future jobs .  internship is for school credit only and / or letter of recommendation .  qualifications looking for someone with  strong written and verbal communication skills professional phone etiquette must be reliable ,  motivated ,  and organized mac osx and windows computer literate in word ,  excel familiar with cision or other pr software multi - tasking capabilities close attention to detail a passion for learning !  additional information resumes and cover letters are due by september 26th .      
 the primary accountabilities for this position include   candidate would perform in all of the crew member / sl functions & be exposed to the day to day management responsibilities in the later stages of their training .   the timing will be dependent on the interns ability to master each station / position & their leadership skills .   performance checks will be completed by the rm or network trainer prior to moving through each phase of training .       the qualifications for this position include ,  but are not limited to the following   requirement    - ideally the candidate would have some level of food service background .   objectives    - position candidate to assume rm responsibilities  ( cos or local franchisee )  .    - provide our franchisee community with an alternative & effective means to recruit high quality rm candidates while simultaneously providing a worthwhile service to their communities .    - provide a potential opportunity within the brand depending on skill set  ( ops systems ,  learning team ,  etc .  )   must be a veteran of the armed forces .       dunkin ?  brands ,  inc .  is a premier quick service restaurant franchisor with a leading position in the coffee ,  bakery and ice cream segments of the qsr category .  with more than 16 , 000 points of distribution in 54 countries ,  and approximately 150 years of combined history ,  our brands are two of the most loved around the world .   dunkin ?  donuts  ?  the largest coffee and baked goods restaurant in the world ,  with loyal customers in 30 countries .   baskin - robbins  ?  the world s largest hard serve ice cream franchise .   for more information ,  please visit www . dunkinbrands . com .      
 flatirons solutions ,  inc .  is currently seeking a technical writing and editing intern to work out of our austin office location .  this is a great way to get a jumpstart on your career !  we offer flexible hours ,  competitive pay ,  and a fun relaxed work environment .  this position does not require technical knowledge or experience .  we will train you !  if you have a passion for writing ,  enjoy working in a collaborative environment ,  and can work at least 15 hours each week ,  then we want to hear from you !  responsibilities  · assist in the planning ,  writing ,  and editing of technical publications and training materials · learn and conform to each client s writing style · edit technical publications and training materials for grammar ,  clarity ,  and adherence to style conventions · provide quality control for technical publications and training materials verify that formatting is consistent and meets style requirements make sure that publications are complete and contain all necessary parts test web - based training functionality qualifications  · must be enrolled in a university and at least a second - year student majoring english ,  communications ,  journalism ,  or a related field .  · intermediate microsoft words skills required · experience with adobe acrobat and framemaker a plus · familiarity with the chicago manual of style a plus knowledge ,  skills & abilities  · excellent writing ,  editing ,  and proofreading skills · ability to learn industry - specific and customer - specific style conventions · strong critical thinking and analytical skills · detail - oriented · hard working with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously flatirons solutions ,  formally known as infotrust group ,  provides information management consulting services and solutions ,  including transformational outsourcing service for technical and training information .  we serve fortune 500 and other companies in the aviation and aerospace ,  enterprise ,  government ,  high - tech ,  and publishing and media industries .  check out our website to learn more about our company and culture .  http  /  / www . flatironssolutions . com why pick us ?   -  collaborative environment  -  training opportunities  -  flexible work schedules  -  sit or stand desks  -  free healthy snacks and coffee everyday  -  company events and teambuilding activities     
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or senior enrolled full time in a bachelor s degree program for the up coming semester in a college or university .    must have 6 months of sales ,  customer service ,  marketing or management experience .    will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  volunteer work / community service or military in lieu of the work experience .    will consider experience as a student athlete in lieu of the work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at fault accidents in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol related conviction on your record in the past 5 years  ( i . e .  ,  dui ,  dwi )    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 altria group is a fortune 200 company that owns the premier tobacco companies in the united states including philip morris usa ,  u . s .  smokeless tobacco company and john middleton .  the companies’ premium tobacco brands include marlboro ,  copenhagen ,  skoal and black & mild .  altria also owns ste .  michelle wine estates ,  one of the country’s top premium wine producers and philip morris capital corporation ,  an investment company .  altria’s mission is to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products .   we are currently seeking a sales undergraduate intern to join our field sales force in bedminster ,  nj .   as a sales undergraduate sales intern ,  you will work within a specified geographical market interacting with customers in retail outlets .  you will execute assigned duties requiring research ,  data collection and analysis .  you will also work on assigned projects to analyze aspects of agdc business .   typical activities include    selling and executing sales programs and promotions   assisting retailers with inventory management   consulting with retailers on profitability ,  presence  ( location ,  visibility ,  and advertising )  and promotion  ( type ,  quantity ,  quality ,  frequency )    collaborating with sales force personnel to complete assigned projects   presenting findings and recommendations to agdc management  working environment     retail / wholesale locations in assigned geography during their normal business hours   altria group distribution company office facilities   overnight travel periodically ,  as business demands      in order to be successful in the sales intern role ,  individuals must possess strong interpersonal ,  negotiation ,  planning and organization skills .  these skills in combination with a strong sense of work orientation and commitment to continuous improvement will result in successful job performance .  we are seeking undergraduate students in an accredited college / university ,  preferably ,  but not limited to the status of a rising senior .  you must have a valid driver s license in good standing as well as access to a vehicle ,  effective oral and written communication skills and well - developed mathematical and analytical skills .  sales interns are paid hourly and receive business - related mileage for the use of a personal vehicle .   please note that we do not retain resumes submitted outside of our application process and in order to qualify for our internships or co - op assignments ,  you must be eligible to work full time within the united states without sponsorship .          sales     
 altria group is a fortune 200 company that owns the premier tobacco companies in the united states including philip morris usa ,  u . s .  smokeless tobacco company and john middleton .  the companies’ premium tobacco brands include marlboro ,  copenhagen ,  skoal and black & mild .  altria also owns ste .  michelle wine estates ,  one of the country’s top premium wine producers and philip morris capital corporation ,  an investment company .  altria’s mission is to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products .   we are currently seeking a sales undergraduate intern to join our field sales force in bedminster ,  nj .   as a sales undergraduate sales intern ,  you will work within a specified geographical market interacting with customers in retail outlets .  you will execute assigned duties requiring research ,  data collection and analysis .  you will also work on assigned projects to analyze aspects of agdc business .   typical activities include    selling and executing sales programs and promotions   assisting retailers with inventory management   consulting with retailers on profitability ,  presence  ( location ,  visibility ,  and advertising )  and promotion  ( type ,  quantity ,  quality ,  frequency )    collaborating with sales force personnel to complete assigned projects   presenting findings and recommendations to agdc management  working environment     retail / wholesale locations in assigned geography during their normal business hours   altria group distribution company office facilities   overnight travel periodically ,  as business demands      in order to be successful in the sales intern role ,  individuals must possess strong interpersonal ,  negotiation ,  planning and organization skills .  these skills in combination with a strong sense of work orientation and commitment to continuous improvement will result in successful job performance .  we are seeking undergraduate students in an accredited college / university ,  preferably ,  but not limited to the status of a rising senior .  you must have a valid driver s license in good standing as well as access to a vehicle ,  effective oral and written communication skills and well - developed mathematical and analytical skills .  sales interns are paid hourly and receive business - related mileage for the use of a personal vehicle .   please note that we do not retain resumes submitted outside of our application process and in order to qualify for our internships or co - op assignments ,  you must be eligible to work full time within the united states without sponsorship .          sales     
 engaging u  leading marketing firm seeks the future .   are you a big thinker ?  an artist ?  a web geek with an edge ?  weber shandwick dallas and  austin offices want to see your application for its engaging u internship program .  we’re  passionate about expanding the boundaries of what we offer our clients – and we’re  looking for candidates with the creative daring and digital savvy to join that effort .   from creative ideation to execution ,  weber shandwick’s interns form the foundation of a  talented team that generates groundbreaking ,  award - winning programs .  during the  internship program ,  interns will work on iconic brands they encounter every day .   the essentials   4 thinking  do it out of the box .   4 digital  know all the relevant platforms ,  what brands are doing on them and what they  should do next .   4 communication  speak ,  write and edit succinctly and compellingly .   4 management  meet deadlines ,  put out fires and multi - task .  work fast ,  and work well .   4 interpersonal  play nice ,  whether it’s in a team ,  with a team or independently .   4 technical  know word ,  powerpoint ,  excel and outlook .  design and video editing skills  are a plus .   4 spark  set yourself apart with something unignorable .   responsibilities   4 create  written words ,  videos ,  images  4 monitor  track brands in traditional and social media  4 hustle  pitch stories to media ,  develop media lists  4 research  analyze brands using various resources  4 plan  assist in event coordination and logistics  4 engage  share big ideas in brainstorms and with teams  in the weeds   4 40 hours per week  ( 8 30 a . m .  to 5 30 p . m .  with a flexible lunch hour… if you can pry  yourself from your amazing projects )   4 $10 per hour ,  plus free sodas and coffee  4 fall program  september - december  4 spring program  january - may  4 summer program  may - september  4 to apply  wssouthwestinternships@webershandwick . com  be mentored by the best professionals in the business .  blow out your work portfolio  through real - world ,  hands - on client projects .  be a part of one of the world’s leading  communications firms ,  weber shandwick  ( www . webershandwick . com )  ,  a perennial best  place to work ,  including “global pr firm of the year” by the holmes report ,  “digital  pr firm of the year” by pr news ,  “top workplaces” by the dallas morning news ,  “best  companies to work for in texas” by texas monthly ,  and “best places to work” by the  dallas business journal .   we offer three intern sessions each year and accept resumes year - round .   we actively interview for our intern candidates during the following timeframes   spring internship program  ( january – may )  – interviews begin on / after september 1  summer internship program  ( june – august )  – interviews begin on / after january 1  fall internship program  ( september – december )  – interviews begin on / after june 1  weber shandwick is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action employer .  we conduct all employment - related activities without regard to race ,  color ,  sex ,  religion ,  age ,  national origin ,  disability ,  veteran status ,  sexual orientation or any other classification protected by applicable state or federal employment discrimination laws .  weber shandwick values diversity in the workplace .   weber shandwick is an equal opportunity employer .  eeo / aa . m / f / d / v webershandwicksouthwest . com     
 trumaker is a men’s apparel brand that is reinventing the way guys shop by making the process easy and the fit great through a technology - enabled online and offline shopping experience .  we help men look their best so they can get on with doing things they love .  we are bringing a modern and fresh approach to custom men s clothing ,  and we are assembling a team of creative voices in branding ,  apparel design ,  and more .  as an intern ,  you will  work directly with the founding team to grow and express the brand voice through online media .  curate how our brand is presented visually communicate and connect with those online who care about the same things we do the right candidate follows design and possibly men s apparel blogs .  likes crafted coffee ,  and the idea of any product and lifestlye that s cared for .  if you re doing great work a full - time offer is a possibility .      
 job description great opportunities are available in medical billing and coding .  if you have great organizational and communication skills ,  you could join the healthcare industry with the right training .  medical billing and coding clerks work in hospitals and healthcare practices ,  and are responsible for making sure that invoices are billed correctly to patients and insurance companies .  as a medical billing and coding clerk ,  your responsibilities will include  assigning codes to each treatment and procedure for billing purposes working closely with insurance companies to ensure they are billed correctly talking with patients to resolve billing disputes job requirements if you ? re interested in working in medical billing and coding ,  you need to have a thorough understanding of medical terminology as well as the icd - 10 certification .  education programs are available to help you become prepared and certified .  regardless of your experience level ,  u . s .  medical assistant can help you find the right career opportunities .  apply now to find one near you !  keywords medical billing and coding training ,  medical billing specialist ,  medical billing clerk ,  medical billing and coding ,  medical billing     
 we are medical clinic looking for an honest ,  intelligent and energetic biller and / or coder for our medical practice in the united states .  the incumbent must provide us with proof of experience ,  including references .  incumbent must be familiar with the international stastical classification of diseases  ( icd - 9 - cm )  ,  and current procedural terminology  ( cpt )  .  the incumbent must demonstrate ,  without a reasonable doubt ,  the ability to participate in a virtual teamwork environment .  he or she must also present a strategy and / or plan for maintaining current with changes in the healthcare insurance arena ,  such as medicare and commercial insurers .  the incumbent ,  further ,  must demonstrate strong knowledge about commercial insurance ,  medicare ,  the appeal process .  desired skills  admin assistant insurance medical billing     
responsibilities  provides clerical support for inpatient and outpatient coders .  investigates and problem solves outstanding inpatient and outpatient accounts .  performs evaluation and management  ( e&m )  code assignments for omitted services according to health services cost review regulations for emergency department  ( ed )  visits .  identifies lost revenue of omitted supply charges .  collects and accounts for all ed medical records and reconciles registration problems .   qualifications  high school diploma  proficiency in excel and microsoft word a must  minimum coursework in medical terminology  additional coursework in disease pathology or in anatomy and physiology required within 6 months of employment .     
 top notch twin cities corporation has an immediate need for a temporary case assistant to do document coding .  extensive experience with sharepoint required .  if interested ,  please submit your resume in word format .  only qualified candidates will be contacted .  find us on facebook !  follow beaconhilllegal on twitter !  beacon hill staffing group is an eeo employer .  company profile  founded by industry leaders to set a new standard in search ,  career placement and flexible staffing ,  we deliver coordinated staffing solutions with unparalleled service ,  a commitment to project completion and success and a passion for innovation ,  creativity and continuous improvement .  our niche brands provide direct hire ,  executive search ,  temporary staffing ,  contract consulting and temp / contract - to - hire solutions to emerging growth companies and the fortune 500 across market sectors ,  career specialties / disciplines and industries .  over time ,  office locations ,  specialty practice areas and service offerings will be added to address ever changing constituent needs .  learn more about beacon hill staffing group and our specialty divisions ,  beacon hill legal ,  beacon hill financial ,  beacon hill hr ,  beacon hill associates ,  and beacon hill technologies by visiting http  /  / www . beaconhillstaffing . com /   .  we look forward to working with you .      
 job description we have worked with leading healthcare organizations across the country and throughout the world .  we are continually moved and inspired by the clients that we serve .  this year alone our clients collectively touched the lives of over 20 million patients ,  provided over $2 . 5 billion in charity care ,  and trained over 18 , 000 residents .  many are also at the vanguard of basic ,  translational and clinical research .  our clients invest in hundreds of community health outreach programs ,  continuously push to raise the level of clinical quality ,  and strive to be the employer of choice in the communities that they serve .  their steadfast dedication to those they serve encapsulates the reason we feel such great privilege and reward in the work we do .  duties  gathers charge information ,  codes ,  enters into database ,  completes the billing process ,  and distributes billing information .  experience  high school diploma or ged .  minimum of one to three years of experience with medical coding .  licensure  none additional information  must possess knowledge of medical terminology ,  knowledge of billing practices and clinic policies and procedures ,  knowledge of coding and clinic operating policies ,  and knowledge of insurance industry .  our team is composed of senior professionals with deep and unique healthcare consulting and management experience and includes leaders from management consulting ,  clinical practice ,  provider management and industry service .  our consultants are bound together by unparalleled expertise in strategic planning ,  organizational alignment and operations management ,  a superior knowledge of process and analytics ,  and an unrelenting commitment to provide each and every client with meaningful results .  qualifications null additional information null     
 reference code  13051280 location  buffalo ,  ny ,  usa education level  bachelor s degree description  organization overview   the information services group  ( isg )  is responsible for providing authoritative sources of reference data to our clients across the institutional client services  ( icg )  organization ,  through implementing state of the art technologies and operational processes which promote the collection ,  storage ,  analysis ,  and distribution of product ,  pricing ,  account and corporate action data .   the isg organization works in partnership with data clients across all icg business lines ,  deploying solutions to increase their competitiveness ,  through restructuring business processes ,  simplifying information access ,  and providing business intelligence around critical data  department overview   the buffalo security coding team is responsible for ensuring that product and pricing data is available ,  accurate ,  and complete for global financial markets .  they work with various business units to setup otc and private placement instruments in our master databases to facilitate trading activities .  in addition ,  the team monitors global corporate action announcements and actions listings ,  delisting ,  name changes and identifier changes .   the security coding team works in partnership with our state of the art technology team to automate loading and validating of data .  the buffalo team also works closely with global security coding teams to ensure that a consistent model is followed with respect to this critical reference data .  job responsibilities  the security coding team is part of the institutional services group that is responsible for ensuring the quality of data held within our master database applications for financial instruments are kept up to date .   key responsibilities include   new security set ups and modifications support pre - market events and post market close events be able to work hands on with tight deadlines gain thorough industry knowledge quickly and effectively interact with other operating units .  provide effective maker / checker function to ensure data quality and accuracy ensure adherence to all audit policies and procedures .   provide sit ,  uat testing with strategic technology rollouts expected to work staggered shifts  ( 7am est – 7pm est )  to support pre - market ,  market close ,  regulatory reporting and other events pertained to emea and nam operations coordinate with global coders in other regions to resolve issue understand global procedures to support other markets during off hours  qualifications  qualifications minimum requirements     strong organization skills with an excellent attention to detail   ability to focus on high quality work while under pressure   advanced knowledge of ms office suite ,  including proficiency in excel   strong teamwork skills in a small local setting ,  as well as across different geographic locations   must possess good communication skills with the ability to be assertive  preferred requirements     familiarity with a wide array of financial product types   knowledge and familiarity with financial product data vendors  ( bloomberg ,  reuters ,  s&p ,  telekurs ,  etc )   job id  13051280     
apply now  email a friend    
 operate data entry device ,  such as keyboard .  duties may include verifying data and preparing materials for keying ,  coding or printing .  using a fax machine as well     
 busy ophthalmology practice is currently seeking a medical billing associate to assist with entering in patient charges ,  medical billing ,  coding ,  patient check in / out ,  verifying insurance and other duties as assigned .         hipaa   medical billing   previous medical office experience required   client looking for candidates with allscripts  /  medflow  ( electronic health records )  experience .      
knowledge of cpt and icd9 coding preferred and word / excel .  knowledge of medicare guidelines a plus .  handle telephone inquiries in a timely manner to provide courteous and efficient service to callers .  document all phone activity in a clear manner .     
 disney professional internships  forecasting and planning internship  company overview  since its opening in 1955 ,  the disneyland® resort in anaheim ,  california has welcomed guests of all ages from around the globe .  the disneyland resort features two spectacular theme parks – disneyland  ( the original disney theme park )  and disney california adventure park – plus the downtown disney district comprised of unique dining ,  entertainment and shopping experiences .  the resort’s three hotels are the luxurious disney’s grand californian hotel & spa  the magical disneyland hotel and disney’s paradise pier hotel with its   day - at - the - beach   fun .   since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom® park ,  epcot® ,  disney’s hollywood studios® ,  and disney’s animal kingdom® theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney® area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .    the forecasting and planning teams are responsible for supporting the tactical and strategic objectives of the organization by providing daily ,  weekly ,  and annual operational and financial forecasts and plans of attendance / admissions revenue ,  rooms / rooms revenue ,  f&b revenue ,  merchandise revenue ,  and other driver - related revenue for both the walt disney world and disneyland resorts .   intern assignments include ,  but are not limited to     supporting the forecasting and planning processes by consolidating inputs from multiple functional areas ,  such as operations ,  finance ,  pricing ,  revenue management ,  sales ,  marketing ,  business development ,  etc .     analyzing large quantities of historical data to better understand guest behavior and influence forecasts ,  plans ,  and strategic growth initiatives by identifying trends ,  patterns ,  and irregularities in key business metrics    building complex financial spreadsheet models / analysis to drive business decisions for multiple lines of business at wdw and dlr    identifying and implementing strategic business changes ,  supported with analytical tools and models ,  that optimize business processes    identifying industry practices and academic theory in economics ,  finance ,  revenue management ,  and business development disciplines to advance the department’s analyses    preparing weekly and monthly reporting in regards to sales and booking data  applying for this position puts you in consideration for both forecasting and planning roles .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     rising senior level or higher majoring in economics ,  finance ,  statistics ,  mathematics ,  psychology ,  industrial engineering ,  marketing or other quantitative field    3 . 0 gpa or higher in major    demonstrated strong computer skills  ( microsoft excel ,  powerpoint  )     demonstrated strong organizational skills and attention to detail    demonstrated strong interpersonal and communication skills    proven problem solving skills    demonstrated strong sense of responsibility ,  ownership ,  and pride in delivering quality results and understanding the business impact    interest in pursuing an analytical career path   preferred qualifications for forecasting role    database ,  programming ,  and / or coding experience with tools such as  sas ,  vba ,  sql ,  minitab ,  r ,  c++ ,  microsoft access ,  or business objects    general knowledge or experience in one of the following industries  merchandise retail ,  hotels / resorts ,  food & beverage  travel and tourism    currently pursuing an mba or graduate degree    college program or professional internship alumni  preferred qualifications for planning role    experience with tools such as  business objects ,  sas or similar analytical platforms    general knowledge or experience in one of the following industries  merchandise retail ,  hotels / resorts ,  food & beverage  travel and tourism    currently pursuing an mba or graduate degree    college program or professional internship alumni      materials required     college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   -  please upload your transcript while completing the online application  internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u .  s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    must be at least 18 years of age    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  for positions located in central florida only ,  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .  participants in california are responsible for identifying their own housing accommodations .   application deadline  the deadline to apply for this internship is october 2 ,  2013 .   attention international students   if you are currently studying in the united states on an f - 1 or j - 1 visa and do not have a social security number ,  please contact our office at 407 - 828 - 1736 prior to applying .   recommendation – print this role description  strong candidates may be invited to complete a phone interview .  we strongly encourage applicants to print a copy of this role description so they can refer to it in the event they are selected for a phone interview .  note that this role description will not be accessible once the posting is closed on october 2 ,  2013 .      
 the boeing programs in the washington dc area are seeking talented and skilled student interns to work on programs in a growing portfolio of intelligence ,  cyber security and information systems for a summer internship / coop .   the student interns will work under the supervision of senior level engineers on well - defined development tasks that are part of on - going programs and research & development efforts .  the interns duties may include development and analysis of software requirements ,  software design ,  coding ,  testing and debugging .  projects vary depending on abilities but may include simulation ,  application ,  prototype ,  graphical user interface  ( gui )  and / or algorithm development .   additional opportunities may include evaluating commercial software for local applications ,  working on data visualization efforts and integrating internally developed processes / algorithms into software programs .   the interns will work in a professional environment with a wide variety of learning opportunities either with one mentor or in a team environment .  mentoring of the student intern by the senior engineers will be a significant part of the interns experience .   candidates for these positions should be pursuing a bachelor of science or master of science in software engineering ,  computer science ,  computer engineering or electrical engineering and have completed at least their sophomore year by may 2014 .   all of our programs require knowledge of object - oriented analysis and design methods and experience programming in java is desired .  experience / knowledge in one or more of the following is desired  agile programming methodologies ,  design patterns ,  c ,  c++ ,  c# ,  matlab ,  relational dbms  ( e . g .  ,  oracle ,  mysql ,  postgresql )  )   knowledge of xml ,  linux and windows  operational understanding of firewalls ,  routers ,  and switches  protocols  tcp / ip stack ,  udp ,  icmp ,  dns ,  snmp ,  xmpp ,  ftp ,  http / s ,  ntp  secure sockets communication ,  pki  x . 509 ,  public key certificates ,  certification authorities ,  perl ,  python ,  or shell scripts  secure sockets and encryption using openssl .       analytical skills  competencies contributing to team success  competencies languages and databases  competencies software design / coding  competencies software development tools  basic qualifications for consideration  are you currently enrolled in a college or university ?   do you have education / training and or work experience developing software in java ?          successful candidates must be able to pass a government top secret sci security clearance process and investigation post - start ,  which may include a polygraph exam .  position requires us citizenship .  please indicate your current security clearance status  ( if any )  on your resume .      
 this position is being made available to medical billing and coding students who need to fulfill their internship .  students should be near completion of their academic course .  students will be interviewed and selected based on the following attributes  professionalism motivation demonstrated ablity to learn knowledge of basic medical billing topics and terms writing skills understanding of technology such as ,  instant messaging ,  internet ,  word ,  excel ,  and email we will only consider students located in the middle tennessee area .  please include your resume and cover letter for consideration .      
 work on a team with seasoned veterans ,  refine your skills contribute to the outcome and learn how to apply the skills you have been developing .  responsibilities  assist lead developers with development tasks as well as daily maintenance of production software work directly with the team and project leads while gaining insight into system design and intellectual property development processes assist in manage of the team to the implementation of the solution within the given timeline work with the software product support specialists  ( including technical writers to ensure proper documentation for manuals utilize proper methodology to manage projects what we are looking for  driven self - paced worker a proven manager with past work examples someone with a familiarity with software development process a willingness to work in an open team environment understanding of trakref core business propositions and technologies and ability to communicate this understanding ability to understand and communicate complex technologies excellent written and verbal communication skills ,  and strong presentation skills experience using project management platforms such as basecamp a core understanding of how coding works benefits  depends if position is internship or full - time     
 help experienced engineers re - package and distribute 3rd party ip as well as develop ,  characterize ,  view - generation ,  maintain ,  qualify and distribute in - house ip including stdcells ,  memories and io .  all tasks require a wide range of analog and digital design tools as well as a script development for automation purpose .  responsibilities include helping with ip characterization  view - generation and re - packaging of 3rd party ip  development of view - generation scripts  validation of third - party ip .   ?  required education  enrolled in an ms program in electrical or computer engineering .   ?  required qualifications  sram coursework helpful must have understanding of cmos devices including fabrication process must have understanding of vlsi and apr flow must have understanding of ip design  ( standard cells ,  io s ,  or memory )  must have exposure to spice simulations must have exposure to verilog coding exposure to synopsys timing and power modeling is preferred experience in layout is preferred must have exposure to perl script coding  ( tcl and skill coding nice to have )  must have understanding of a typical analog design flow and tools for schematic entry ,  simulation and layout must have understanding of a typical rtl - gds design flow  ( digital tools )  familiar with industry rtl compiler is nice familiar with industry place and route tool is nice familiar with running drc and lvs is nice exposure to version control tools is nice excellent written and verbal communication skills  ?   ?   ?      
 weber shandwick is a leading global public relations agency with offices in 74 countries around the world .  the firm’s success is built on its deep commitment to client service ,  our people ,  creativity ,  collaboration and harnessing the power of advocates  -  engaging stakeholders in new and creative ways to build brands and reputation .  our measurement practice group helps clients gain insight and improve communications strategy through industry - leading measurement techniques .  our pioneering measurement work for clients has received the highest industry honors .   position description   weber shandwick is seeking an intern for its measurement and analytics practice based in ny .   interns are responsible for supporting practice leaders with a range of administrative and project tasks ranging from meeting coordination to basic data entry and analysis .   specific responsibilities include     administrative tasks   ( e . g .  ,  scheduling meetings ,  updating project status documents ,  preparing expense reports )    media coverage coding   assisting with basic traditional and social media analysis   developing charts and graphs for program results reports   fact - checking and proof reading results reports and other documents  ideal candidate will be able to     follow instructions and work well with  minimal supervision   manage multiple projects / multi - task   demonstrate a strong interest in and understanding of traditional and social media data and trends  experience requirements     ability to handle multiple projects in a fast - paced atmosphere   strong organizational ,  project and time management skills   strong verbal and written communication skills ,  as well as  strong analytic skills   full working knowledge of microsoft applications  ( word ,  excel ,  powerpoint ,  outlook ,  etc .  )    familiarity with media monitoring and measurement tools  ( e . g .  ,  factiva ,  sysomos ,  google analytics ,  facebook insight ,  dow jones insight ,  cision )  preferred ,  but not required     
 auto req id 26377br job posting title intern  -  dvt ic design  ( spring 2014 )  business unit broadband communications job description join the san diego video team in developing a next generation multimedia networking system .  work will focus on verilog - based rtl digital design ,  using advanced verification techniques such as uvm .  duties may include uvm verification ,  rtl coding ,  creating test benches ,  waveform debugging ,  c programming ,  and various design automation and scripting activities .  you will join a team of seasoned asic designers and experience the world of asic design with a global leader in semiconductor solutions .  job requirements   student must be local to san diego ,  ca   bachelors or masters majoring in computer engineering ,  electrical engineering ,  or computer science .  requires good knowledge of programming .  exposure to verilog ,  c ,  unix / linux ,  perl and make is preferred .  requires coursework or project experience with digital logic design .  success with complex software projects is helpful .  knowledge of tcp / ip is helpful .  country us state / province ca city / town san diego shift 1st shift  -  day percent of travel required none function engineering discipline intern     
 our bank has one of the most recognizable brands around the world .  the federal reserve is the central bank of the united states and is one of the most influential ,  trusted ,  and prestigious financial organizations .  the federal reserve is charged with the important mission of promoting a strong economy and a stable financial system and fulfills this responsibility by formulating national monetary policy ,  supervising & regulating banks and bank holding companies ,  and providing financial services for banks and the u . s .  government .  our people are diverse in background and ideas ,  which allows for ongoing creativity and innovation .  ultimately they are the ones who push our high - performance ,  exchange - driven culture forward .  the federal reserve bank of atlanta’s technology solutions services area includes information technology ,  telecommunications ,  management information systems ,  and pc support .  student ( s )  have the opportunity to be exposed to  ( but not limited to )  automation ,  implementation ,  development and support to telecommunications and video conferencing .  student ( s )  may also assist with creating public and intranet web pages ,  assisting application developers in program maintenance ,  design ,  coding ,  as well as information systems support .  information technology ,  management information systems ,  computer science and other related majors will be considered for these positions .  selection criteria   applicants who have completed their freshman year of college by the start of the summer program are eligible .    students must be currently enrolled in a bachelor or graduate degree program .    a minimum gpa of 3 . 0 on a 4 . 0 scale is required .    certain positions may be offered in atlanta ,  miami ,  jacksonville ,  birmingham ,  new orleans or nashville .   primary location   ga - atlanta  full - time  /  part - time   full - time  employee status   temporary  overtime status   non - exempt  job type   internship  travel   no  shift   day job  req id   233214     
 bring your passion for fashion to today s burlington coat factory .  if you are interested in a seasonal opportunity in retail ,  consider joining one of the largest off price retailers of apparel and home furnishings in the nation .  we always have a large selection of quality name brand merchandise at huge savings  coats ,  clothing and shoes for the whole family ,  fashionable accessories ,  home decor ,  and everything for baby .  burlington means one - stop shopping for labels you love at prices you love even more .  with more than 500 stores ,  we re always looking for good talent that can drive results .  to support our holiday business ,  we are looking for people to join our seasonal cashier team .  direct supervisor job requirements  -  internal use only  -  our ideal candidates will be self motivated ,  team players ,  who have the desire to succeed .  we care about our employees ,  have a supportive environment that values trust and respect ,  offer a competitive wage an associate discount .  burlington coat factory is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity .  come join our team .  you re going to like it here !  to apply for this position ,  please click here     
 responsible for general production tasks ,  presentation materials ,  ui design ,  and website design and production .  essential duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to  creating designs ,  concepts ,  and sample layouts based on knowledge of layout principles and aesthetic design concepts producing press - ready files for printing ,  and reviewing and correcting proofs creating charts ,  graphs ,  illustrations ,  and other artwork using computer and / or traditional drawing techniques positioning information in computer programs to create layouts for clients or supervisors preparing illustrations or rough sketches of material ,  discussing them with clients and / or supervisors and making necessary changes studying illustrations and photographs to plan presentation of materials ,  products ,  or services other duties as assigned to meet business needs qualifications / requirements 3 years  experience in web and flash design bachelor s degree required in design - related discipline proficient - to - expert knowledge of  adobe creative suite ,  html and css thorough knowledge of wordpress excellent skills in design ,  with an eye for typography ,  palette development ,  spacing ,  intuitive layout ,  and user interfaces must have a portfolio with multiple examples of interactive design and artistic skills ability to multi - task and work efficiently under pressure with careful attention to detail must be self - directed team player able to communicate well ,  and have ability to juggle multiple projects ,  proactively solve problems ,  and deliver against tight deadlines in a fast - paced environment     
 • bsee / msee / ph . d .  degree with focus in digital design / verification or mixed - signal ic development in advanced cmos processes • thorough familiarity with verilog / vhdl language and simulation verification experience • logic synthesis ,  static timing analysis ,  and logic equivalency checking • design for test ,  scan insertion ,  atpg ,  and functional test vectors • interfacing with place and route engineer ,  back - annotated simulation verification • experience with mixed - signal simulation ,  analog and digital behavior modeling ,  and / or synthesis of digital control blocks • some experience with analog circuit design is preferred  /  maxim is an eeo / aa employer     
   prepares basic flat sketch designs .    assists with basic specification of product .    assists with color b . o . m .  s .    attends fitting sessions with manager  make revisions to sketch and design package as needed .    may assist in researching the local market .    responsible for administration and follow up of product design process to include preparation of technical packages and presentation boards ,  understanding of pdm process ,  email correspondence ,  etc .    responsible for trimming supplies and / or working with trim department to keep abreast of current ideas .   qualifications    basic computer knowledge  ability to learn how to design through new / advanced technology  ( e . g .  ,  on - line spec program )  .    basic product and fabric knowledge .    basic understanding of garment construction .    basic design and color sense .    ability to perform basic flat sketches .    basic organizational and communication skills .    basic computer knowledge .    college degree in fashion design or related field preferred .    one year design experience  ( may include summer jobs ,  internships ,  etc .  )   primary location us - ny - new york  full - time  gap global na  -  product development and design     
 headquartered in san diego ,  california ,  usa ,  solar turbines incorporated ,  a subsidiary of caterpillar inc .  ,  is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of industrial gas turbines ,  with more than 14 , 400 units and over 1 . 9 billion operating hours in 98 countries .   products from solar turbines play an important role in the development of oil ,  natural gas and power generation projects around the world .  solar turbines’ products include gas turbine engines  ( rated from 1590 to 30 , 000 horsepower )  ,  gas compressors ,  and gas turbine - powered compressor sets ,  mechanical - drive packages and generator sets  ( ranging from 1 . 1 to 22 megawatts )  .   solar’s customers put the company’s products to work in many areas including production ,  processing and pipeline transmission of natural gas and crude oil and generation of electricity and thermal energy for processing applications ,  such as manufacturing chemicals ,  pharmaceuticals ,  and food products .   solar’s foundation is people and solar’s culture is one where individual contributions are valued ,  diversity in the workplace is encouraged ,  and safety is emphasized in all aspects of the business .  solar turbines is comprised of a dedicated and multi - talented workforce of more than 7 , 500 employees with decades of experience working as a global team .   we currently have a career opportunity for a internship  -  controls design engineer at our kearny mesa facility in san diego .   job description   customer services package refurbishment and upgrades  ( pr&u )  engineering provides engineered solutions in support of the aftermarket business .  this position is responsible for the control system design of package upgrades and retrofits .  the candidate will be thorough ,  organized ,  and detail oriented ,  and able to convey concepts and thoughts in a concise manner .   the incumbent must be able to independently gather and analyze relevant data and define project issues in engineering terms .  the ability to work in a fast paced ,  teaming environment  capable of handling multiple projects simultaneously ,  while meeting various deadlines and project schedule commitments is also needed .   excellent oral and written communication skills are needed to ensure that other project team members are kept informed regarding problems and issues for projects in work .   strong interpersonal ,  good judgment ,  and teaming skills are also needed .   qualifications   the position works with various engineering ,  manufacturing ,  and field installation personnel to ensure that project designs are high quality ,  safe ,  and cost - effective while meeting customer commitments by providing accurate and timely control system designs ,  documentation and software .  interfaces extensively and resolves problems with other engineering disciplines and production to ensure incorporation of all required package design criteria .   works interactively with installation and commissioning personnel to ensure customer downtime is minimized during project execution .  must be able to interpret engineering drawings and apply this information to create overall package control system design .  sales orders are executed under the direction of customer services project management in conjunction with an interdisciplinary team .  the successful candidate is a college student working towards a bachelor of science degree in engineering .   applicants must be currently eligible to work in the united states .   for information on employment eligibility in the united states ,  please visit the u . s .  immigration services website .   solar turbines offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical ,  dental ,  life insurance ,  vacation ,  401k ,  incentive bonus ,  tuition reimbursement and professional development / advancement opportunities .   solar turbines is an equal opportunity employer .   solar turbines conducts drug screens and background checks .   please visit our website www . solarturbines . com for more information about our company .      
 job description i am in need on an intern who wants to learn the inner workings of a business .  this person could be an it major ,  marketing major ,  graphic design ,  or business admin major .  the role would call for doing smo ,  seo ,  online and offline marketing ,  typing needed mataerial as dictated ,  filing ,  and more .  all tasks will be business related  no personal tasks will be requested of you .  none paid internship to start .  qualifications ability to be punctual take direction open minded  -  open to learn    a filled cup has no room for more .  .    basic computer skills typing skills  -  min 50 wpm additional information     
 texas instruments incorporated  ( ti )  is a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company that develops analog ics and embedded processors .  by employing the world s brightest minds ,  ti creates innovations that shape the future of technology .  ti is helping more than 100 , 000 customers transform the future ,  today .  we re committed to building a better future  -  from the responsible manufacturing of our semiconductors ,  to caring for our employees ,  to giving back inside our communities and developing great minds .  put your talent to work with us  -  change the world ,  love your job !  about the job as a design engineering intern ,  you ll architect new ti products and make our customers  visions a reality .  you ll define ,  design ,  model ,  implement and document analog ,  digital ,  and / or rf integrated circuits  ( ics )  .  in addition ,  you ll have the opportunity to work in exciting areas like audio ,  imaging ,  high - speed ,  interface ,  clocking ,  medical ,  high volume linear ,  automotive ,  storage ,  power supply ,  battery management ,  linear power and many more .  some of your responsibilities will include ,  but will not be limited to  • partnering with business teams and system engineering to develop mutually agreeable design specifications • providing high - level analysis on chip architecture trade - offs to ensure spec compliance and superior performance at a competitive cost • participating in design reviews and creating the necessary design and product documentation .  • supervising ic layouts to ensure a high - performance standard • characterizing prototypes ,  developing test specifications and coordinating with test / product engineering to drive product releases • driving behavioral models put your talent to work with us as a design engineer intern -  change the world ,  love your job !  minimum requirements  • currently pursuing undergraduate degree in electrical engineering ,  electronics technology ,  electrical engineering technology ,  computer engineering ,  electrical and computer engineering or related field • minimum cumulative 3 . 0 / 4 . 0 gpa • solid teaming skills are needed to enable an on - time ic delivery • strong verbal and written communication skills ,  with the ability to influence decisions to be considered for this position ,  please apply to this requisition .  texas instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse ,  inclusive work environment .  job opening type co - op  -  new minimum education level hs graduate or equivalent related field ( s )  of study electrical engineering computer engineering electronic technology electrical eng technology electrical & computer engineer minimum years of experience 0 regular  /  temporary regular full - time  /  part - time full - time country united states job location ( s )  usa - arizona usa - colorado usa - maine - portland usa - maryland - germantown usa - new hampshire - manchester usa - north carolina usa - california - northern usa - other usa - pennsylvania usa - california - southern usa - texas - austin usa - texas - dallas metroplex usa - texas - houston / stafford usa - texas - other texas locations virtual  /  telecommute no     
 the salt lake education center of utah state university is looking to fill a part - time position  ( 20 hours per week )  to do graphic art and other marketing - related tasks .       1 .  create ad hoc signage and other collateral as needed .  2 .  maintain supply of printed materials .  3 .  follow up with outside vendors to keep projects flowing smoothly .  4 .  photograph student portraits and candid shots as assigned 5 .  work with main campus marketing team .  6 .  work effectively with a variety usu employees in other locations .  7 .  communicate with internal customers  ( co - workers )  to make sure they have what they need ,  when they need it .  8 .  work closely with the staff at usu tooele to provide marketing materials and support .  9 .  under the direction of the marketing manager ,  provide marketing support for various usu regional campuses ,  mainly salt lake and tooele .  10 .  other duties as assigned .       1 .  intermediate skill level with microsoft office suite .  2 .  intermediate skill level with adobe creative suite  ( samples required )  .  3 .  professional and pleasant phone manner .  4 .  availability to travel to logan one day per month and to the tooele campus on a regular basis .  5 .  access to reliable transportation and must adhere to university travel policies 6 .  excellent work ethic that enables you to work independently .  7 .  ability to do what it takes to finish projects on time .  8 .  ability to work under pressure and maintain professional composure .      
 title  communications representative location  fl - orlando other locations  pds tech is seeking a communications representative for an open position inorlando ,  fl .   -  candidate will write ,  edit ,  and coordinate employee communications ,  media ,  and marketing materials to meet internal and external deliverables and should apply new and social media as needed .   -  candidate must interview subject matter experts ,  conduct research to obtain information and verify facts ,  and maintain editorial policy and branding guidelines .   -  candidate must perform syntax and mechanical edits ,  adhere to style and format guidelines ,  and ensure consistency of content and voice .   -  develop ,  plan ,  and coordinate public relations to improve and support company business objectives with the public ,  industry ,  stockholders ,  and / or employees .   -  deliverables may include print and online collateral ,  industry articles or technical reports ,  press releases ,  blog posts ,  speeches ,  video or multimedia scripts ,  news and employee features ,  and website content strategy .   -  work with graphic artists to develop enriched multimedia content .   -  candidate may coordinate production and distribution of materials  represent the company at press conferences ,  briefings ,  and presentations on company issues  and participate and support advertising campaigns .   -  work under very general supervision or team lead .   -  participate in determining objectives of assignment and is expected to plan ,  schedule ,  and arrange own activities in accomplishing objectives .   -  candidate is expected to quality check work and will be reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives .   -  contribute to organizational projects and goals by performing tasks requiring discretion and general knowledge and ability .   -  develop solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity .  refers to policies and practices for guidance .  education   -  bachelors degree from an accredited college in an english ,  journalism ,  communications ,  or related related discipline ,  or equivalent experience / combined education ,  with 3 years of professional experience  or 1 year of professional experience with a related masters degree .   -  considered experienced ,  but still a learner .  required skills   -  candidate is expected to be proficient in microsoft office 2010  ( specifically word and powerpoint )  .   -  adobe cs6 illustrator ,  indesign ,  photoshop ,  and acrobat proficiency is desired .   -  written and verbal communications and social acumen skills are require pds tech ,  inc .  will comply with all applicable federal and state laws governing the use of such background checks and drug tests pds tech ,  inc .  is proud to be an equal opportunity employer  -  minorities / female / disabled / veteran  ( eoe m / f / d / v )  founded in 1977 ,  pds tech ,  inc .  is one of the nation  s premier specialty staffing firms with 31 offices nationwide .  we offer a full range of benefits including   ?  health insurance  ?  paid holidays  ?  weekly payroll  ?  immediate 401 ( k )  eligibility  ?  completion bonuses  ?  training  ?  please note availability of benefits may vary by position .  pds specializes in engineering and it arenas including aerospace ,  defense ,  electronics ,  telecommunications ,  automotive ,  and energy just to name a few .  our reputation ,  track record ,  and years of continuous growth reflect the commitment to quality that our employees and clients experience first - hand .  to find out more about pds ,  check out ourhttp  /  / www . pdstech . com /  $$$ pds pays for referrals !  $$$ we pay thousands each month in referral bonuses !  contact a recruiter for details .  to find a recruiter near you ,  look at ourbranch locator .      
i need a 30 - 90 second explainer video created to quickly explain my services to my target market .  i will need some script development  ( i have a basic idea that may need tweaking )  and then you can create a story board style idea for the concept for my approval .  depending on your portfolio i may require a voice over but not essential .  more details available once i have accepted a proposal .  i need the video created within 7 - 10 days of accepting the project .  thank you !  desired skills  animation video editing video production explainer video    
 i m looking for continuing administrative virtual assistant work .  our family operates over 30 fast food restaurants across several companies .  we also have personal investments that need daily review .  we have reached the size where we want to formalize and outsource routine business activity .  we d like to do this by finding a company that could do administrative work to simplify our management and time .  none of the work that needs to be automated and outsourced is well documented and is not being done with any formally process today .  we ll begin the process of structuring these tasks and then giving them to the va .  we d expect that once we found a company we could work with ,  the weekly hours would be more than 30 .  the job would require that some tasks get done each business day without exception for holidays or any other reason .  also some tasks would be time sensitive on wednesdays 8am to 3pm east coast usa time .  the plan is to identify a supplier that could do this work at a price we can afford and try the service out .  we would gradually grow the hours over a few months time as website functions are developed and implemented .  if the relationship works ,  the work could continue for an undetermined number of years .  we are more interested in finding a company providing services than an individual to make sure we can have long term continuity and have the full coverage we need .  we are not sure that an individual could be available as much as we need long term .  if you are interested in this project ,  i d like a range of hourly costs for the types of administrative services shown below .  examples of administrative things we need done  expense coding spreadsheet development and related data entry data entry into web forms scheduled activities involving getting data off web and creating new work product some transcription of phone voice mail develop and maintain contact lists ,  agendas ,  meeting scheduling ,  routine communication and coordinate other business support activities prepare files and maintain file storage and file retrieval systems travel planning and coordination including reservations ,  itinerary planning ,  etc .  email management ,  scheduling and calendaring perform additional tasks as they arise desired skills  admin assistant data entry editing microsoft office research     
 mcmurry / tmg ,  the largest independent content marketing agency in the u . s .  ,  based in new york ,  n . y .   ( with offices in washington ,  d . c .  ,  phoenix ,  az .  and saratoga ,  n . y .  )  ,  is searching for an editorial intern to work in our new york city office .  we’re looking for a smart ,  creative ,  organized ,  and motivated bright star who wants to learn from the most experienced professionals in the business .  if you want real - world editorial experience ,  this is the internship for you .  you’ll work part - time  ( 20 - 25 hours / week )  in a fast - paced manhattan newsroom ,  where you’ll have the opportunity to amass professional clips ,  and have your work posted on an award - winning b2b website known as the publication of record in its industry .  you’ll assist our editorial staff with the following  • writing ,  fact - checking ,  and editing news briefs for placement on our web site using the drupal platform • interviewing retailers and conducting research for longer feature stories that run both online and in print • packaging items for returns and fed ex shipments after photo shoots • helping staff editors produce print departments and other articles as needed applicants should have a superior work ethic ,  excellent written     
 recognized as the #1 best company to work for in new york ,  yai seeing beyond disability is an award - winning ,  nationally acclaimed network of not - for - profit health and human services agencies dedicated to building brighter futures for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities of all ages and their families .  we serve individuals ,  families ,  and communities in the nyc metropolitan area ,  nassau ,  suffolk ,  westchester ,  rockland ,  orange ,  and sullivan counties within new york state .  the most recent additions to our network include services to new jersey and puerto rico .  our full range of services include early intervention ,  pre - school ,  family supports ,  day treatment and day habilitation programs ,  employment training and placement ,  clinical and residential services ,  as well as recreation and camping services .  recent awards  proud recipients of the following awards   -  new york state society for human resource management  ( nys shrm )  #1 best company to work for in new york award  -  american psychological association s national psychologically healthy workplace award an excellent opportunity for candidates interested in working with studio yai -  the creative team working to help transform one of the leading agencies supporting people with disabilities .  this is an paid internship opportunity .  an intern interested in this writing and editing internship should expect to    work closely with the creative team ,  including the creative director and the design director .    assist and learn in the areas of  writing and editing in different formats including web sites ,  blogs ,  brochures ,  presentations ,  and more .  the ideal intern will have   a strong interest and demonstrated ability in writing  a genuine interest in improving writing and editing ability   a tolerance for the demands of refining and re - writing to strive for perfection   strong computer skills   an ability to work as part of a team   creativity   be moved and engaged by the mission of the agency hours are flexible based on student schedules .  for more information about yai network please visit www . yai . org .  eoe to apply for this position ,  please click here     
 a member of the research recruiting association in the editing / education industry is seeking a full time editorial assistant .  the company offers the following environment  local company focused on the arts ,  communication ,  and the environment .  estimated salary of $25 per hour .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  computer skills  html / xml ,  xlst ,  ruby ,  sql ,  etc .  ,  curriculum & project design ,  superior writing skills .  seeking someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  project development & management ,  programming & web - design ,  copy - editing  / instruction .  unique job number  fl744 .  location  cape coral ,  fl 33990     
 the arts and entertainment assistant editor will serve as a senior writer for the arts & entertainment section .  they are responsible assisting the arts & entertainment editor with compiling ,  editing and writing material such as articles ,  weekly fixtures and columns such as reviews ,  arts & entertainment briefs ,  and the calendar .  they will prepare and develop and repackage arts & entertainment content for use in other media at the northern light newspaper .  the northern light is a weekly university of alaska anchorage student publication ,  funded by both media fees and advertising sales .  the paper is published tuesdays during the school year and once a month during the summer .  the northern light is distributed throughout the uaa campus and the anchorage community .  total distribution is 4 , 500 copies weekly during the spring and fall semesters and 3 , 000 copies twice monthly during the summer semester .  in addition to print circulation ,  the northern light publishes new web content weekly on their website  thenorthernlight . org .    applicant must also possess excellent verbal written skills ,  demonstrate an ability to write and edit publishable articles or columns with attention to grammar ,  the associated press style ,  spelling ,  clarity ,  accuracy and thorough reporting  be able to prepare ,  develop ,  and  /  or repackage features content for use in other media  be familiar with word processing and macintosh computers  and have knowledge of news gathering techniques ,  the first amendment ,  the freedom of information act and media ethics .    please attach electronically the following  1 .  )  cover letter .  2 .  )  resume 3 .  )  references  please include the names ,  e - mail addresses and telephone numbers of three references .  4 .  )  an article you ve written on an a&e topic or event relevant to uaa      familiarity with preparation and development of other media ,  such as audio and video .      
  ,  excellent written and verbal communication skills ,  and the ability to work both independently as well as part of a team .  applicants must also have demonstrable experience with editing ,  writing ,  and conducting library searches ,  as well as experience with social media concepts and tools .   application deadline  job openings are posted for a minimum of seven calendar days .  this job may be removed from posting boards and filled anytime after the minimum posting period has ended .   u - m eeo / aa statement  the university of michigan is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
  schedule varies and will include filling in for staff ,  which may include weekends and holidays .   position objective   deseret media company is a multi - platform provider of news and information represented by ksl - tv ,  ksl radio ,  deseret news ,  ksl . com and deseretnews . com .   successful applicant will work under the direction and in the absence of the assignment desk manager with special emphasis on serving all platforms in a professional manner .      college graduate with skills in the following areas   journalism ,  newswriting ,  planning ,  social media procedures ,  computer operations and word processing .     ability to organize ,  delegate and motivate other people .    interest in and knowledge of local news issues .   ability to coordinate and implement complex tasks involving new and constantly changing problems or situations .    ability and willingness to engage the public on social media platforms .    organized with the ability to concentrate on more than one event at a time ,  capable to follow written and verbal instructions under minimal supervision .    willing to work under pressure to solve unanticipated problems or perform unscheduled assignments in order to meet hourly and daily deadlines .    proven ability to be precise and accurate with detailed work ,  which often requires long periods of close attention and concentration .    punctuality and ability to works hours required .   works more when required to meet deadlines including weekends ,  holidays ,  evenings ,  etc .    work in compliance with company policies and procedures .    work effectively in a team environment .    maintain a positive and cooperative rapport with staff ,  management ,  and clients .    project an appropriate professional appearance and demeanor .               receive ,  process ,  and maintain information through oral and / or written communication effectively .    substantial physical movements  ( motions )  of the wrists ,  hands ,  and / or fingers .    lift ,  move ,  and carry up to 20 pounds on occasion .    extend hand ( s )  and arm ( s )  in any direction with good eye and hand coordination .    sit for long periods of time .      
 assistant editor ,  online hanley wood is looking for an early - career journalist to join our smart ,  entrepreneurial staff .   the assistant editor  is responsible for creating content and executing special projects targeting a niche audience .  this individual’s strengths lie in well - reported content ,  use of digital platforms ,  organizational and project execution skills ,  and the ability to cultivate a network of sources .   the new assistant editor ,  online will join the editoiral staff in september 2013 .  major job responsibilities and related dutes produce ,  send ,  and administer e - mail newsletters . research ,  report ,  and write short news articles . fact - check and copy - edit text . collaborate on the creation of online editorial packages and functionality . process and place articles and photos into appropriate sections of websites . develop and implement tactics for improving site seo . develop and promote a sense of community through social media . manipulating our cms to create online editorial packages and landing pages . updating our sites’ home pages . stay abreast of digital technology through continuing education ,  seminar participation ,  exploration of websites ,  original research ,  etc . participate in development of new e - mail newsletters ,  special projects ,  and implementation of new web technologies . qualified candidates will possess the following education ,  skills ,  and experience one or more years of experience as a journalistexperience working with content management systems ,  html ,  css ,  adobe acrobat ,  xml ,  rss ,  photoshop ,  dreamweaver ,  and social media desiredknowledge of architecture and design preferred but not requiredability to thrive under pressure ,  meet daily  ( sometimes hourly )  deadlines and react quickly and calmly in a rapidly changing editorial environmentcollege degree in web journalism or print journalism preferred     
 editorial assistant ,  stm acquisitions  req #  13 - 3237  # positions  1 location  us - ca - thousand oaks us - thousand oaks experience  ( years )   2 posted date  7 / 31 / 2013  category  administrative / clerical  ( us )   -  administrative  apply for this job  your application choices are    apply for this job online   refer a friend to this job  more information about this job  overview   this position is responsible for providing administrative support to the associate director ,  stm journals ,  the acquisitions team ,  and the entire stm journals dept as needed .   essential job functions & responsibilities   the job functions include ,  but are not limited to ,  the following   provide support to associate director ,  stm journals    create ,  maintain ,  and update standing reports or ad hoc reports as  requested by the associate  director   create ,  maintain ,  and update databases for the stm acquisitions program as requested   provide miscellaneous support to the associate director as needed   assist with travel on behalf of the associate director as requested   submit expense reports on behalf of the associate director  provide support to the acquisitions team    help develop and write proposals   become proficient in sage p&l preparation   gather information for p&ls   help develop ,  refine ,  and maintain the stm prospecting list   help prospect for relevant meetings and create a comprehensive meetings list for the team   help prospect for societies and journals   send out emails to prospects as requested   cross - reference editorial boards  ( especially sage editorial boards )  if requested   compare journal pricing as requested   perform competitive analyses as requested   research societies and journals for their stated priorities as requested   help the team to refine its personal templates and / or help create ,  refine ,  and maintain a master file stm proposal template   perform initial pass - throughs / changes for proposals   help with travel arrangements for acquisitions editors as requested   submit expense reports for acquisitions editors as requested   help all members of the acquisitions team with reports as requested  provide ad hoc support to the stm journals director and the publisher of business development as requested by the associate director    provide reporting and other support to the director of stm journals and the publisher of business development as required   this may include ,  but not be limited to ,  reports ,  minutes ,  database creation ,  journal launches ,  website development ,  travel and expense reporting ,  p&ls ,  prospecting ,  analyses ,  etc .  ,  as requested  provide general support to the stm dept ,  including publishing editors and editorial assistants as requested by the associate director    help with transitioning - in journals by setting up orientation visits / conference calls ,  setting up spin entries ,  helping with transition memo ,  requesting jcode / issn ,  etc .    update spin when needed   become the department expert with respect to all available conferencing technology   take conference call minutes as needed   make travel arrangements for guests as needed   provide other miscellaneous duties as needed   assist with publisher reports when publishing editors and eas need help   create ,  maintain ,  and update competitive analyses when needed    occasional travel is a possibility  qualifications & education   any combination equivalent to ,  but not limited to ,  the following     college education preferred   2 - 5 years progressively responsible positions as administrative support for a middle or senior manager   advanced knowledge of ms office software products  ( word ,  excel ,  powerpoint )    excellent written and verbal business communication skills ,  including strong spelling and grammar   excellent phone communication skills   ability to understand departmental operations and procedures   ability to relate to individuals at various management levels  language  -  reasoning  -  analytical  -  & mathematical skills  include ,  but not limited to ,  the following   • strong writing skills required • reasoning / problem - solving ability • effective listening ,  verbal ,  and written communication skills • ability to work effectively within deadlines • multi - tasking ability • project management ability • effective internal / external customer communication ,  including an effective phone manner • ability to address the concerns and complaints of editors and authors with diplomacy • a detail - oriented eye for catching typos and grammatical errors     
 job description  -  help log footage from shoots and organize editing processes .   -  provide support to editors for online shows .   -  consult on video edits  ( and possibly be hired to edit some videos yourself ,  if appropriate )  .   -  assist with video exports and online edits .  qualifications  -  knowledge of final cut pro ,  adobe premiere and / or after effects .   -  possess creativity ,  flexibility ,  variety ,  and growth potential .   -  should be open - minded ,  a fast learner ,  enthusiastic ,  and adaptable .  additional information this is an unpaid internship ,  so we will fulfill any requirements for classroom credit ,  and we will provide educational opportunities and one - on - one time with staff to ensure maximum learning potential .      
 cengage learning provides college level students interested in the world of publishing and information solutions the opportunity to find out if the publishing industry is right for them .   essential duties / responsibilities   identify and qualify reviewers for proposals and first draft manuscript review  conduct market and internet research  summarizing competitive products  organize data  analyze photo programs and assist with revision manuscript  prepare word documents and excel files  filing ,  mailing / packaging as necessary  preparation planning for photo and dvd shoots including model search ,  site locations and talent if needed  other duties as assigned  skills / knowledge / experience   required   in process of obtaining an associate or bachelor degree or recently graduated from college  ( within 1 year )   strong communication skills  ( both verbal and written )   able to work autonomously as well as function as part of a team  detailed oriented ,  deadline and task oriented     
 join a start - up technology company in the restaurant industry to help make a positive difference in the food community !  this internship will give you the opportunity to work as a key contributor in designing and developing our editorial section ,  trying new restaurants ,  helping to create our newsletter content ,  as well as interviewing chefs and industry leaders .  this is a great opportunity to take initiative ,  provide input ,  and make a positive impact on small business owners and food lovers across the world !  also a great resume builder to show what you can do while you do what you love !  about food mafia  what started as a tongue - in - cheek reference to a mock crime syndicate became the inspiration for the exclusive restaurant recommendation site foodmafia . com .  referring to the process that founder stacy johnson went through with her friends to try great ,  unique restaurants ,  the reference blossomed into a business idea that took off .  realizing that the best recommendations were always from friends or trusted ,  credible sources that had similar tastes ,  stacy wanted to help others quickly find a great dining experience but without all the negative ,  anonymous reviews .  food mafia has made this process easy and fun !  we have done the dirty work for you .  with food mafia ,  you no longer have to do research and filter through negative ,  anonymous reviews to find trusted restaurant recommendations .  we have invited our favorite diners ,  chefs ,  and industry professionals from around the world to join together to share their favorite restaurants .  from 24 course meals to food stands ,  we have members that truly share your taste in food .  use foodmafia . com to find your next great dining experience by choosing a city and running a search .  from tracking your favorite restaurant to sharing and receiving customized recommendations ,  you can make food mafia work for you without having to do any of the hard ,  dirty work .  just like the mafia ,  our site is closely monitored and controlled .  our member community is strong across the united states ,  with a presence in large cities such as chicago ,  los angeles ,  new york ,  and san francisco .  we are expanding quickly across the globe ,  with members committed to finding and sharing great and unique dining experiences .  what makes food mafia unique  unlike other restaurant review sites ,  our approved members are made up of food lovers ,  celebrity chefs ,  and industry professionals .  see what top chefs and restaurateurs are saying about food mafia  http  /  / www . foodmafia . com .  .  .      
 digital first media is seeking fall interns to work at its thunderdome office in new york city s financial district .  thunderdome is a nationally focused digital newsroom of approximately 40 talented individuals who work with and for dfm s network of more than 100 local newspapers ,  including notable brands such as the denver post ,  san jose mercury news ,  el paso times and new haven register .   job duties will be editorial in nature ,  though writing opportunities are limited .  experience editing copy and using various content management systems is preferred .  candidates with programming experience in newsrooms or similar workplaces will be given special consideration .  thunderdome uses a wordpress cms and codes news applications using python .  we re a fun ,  lively newsroom that thrives on collaboration and tackling complex journalistic and technical challenges .   specific duties     creating ,  editing and producing digital news content   basic web production ,  including editing copy ,  writing headlines and incorporating photos and video   creating alternative storytelling approaches for daily and long - range content   writing blog posts for http  /  / insidethunderdome . com  ( ie .  thunderdome is your beat )    working with programmers ,  data and video teams as needed   other duties as needed  fall internships are part - time and paid at competitive rates .  start and stop dates can be flexible .  prospective candidates should be currently enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program and have a gpa of at least 3 . 0 ,  plus an enthusiasm for digital storytelling .  credit hours can be provided if needed .  please send your resume and work examples to communications .  .  .  .      
 job summary  this position will report directly to kailee bradstreetto assist the editors for transworld business magazine .             functions and responsibilities  ( listed in order of importance )  1 .     field ,  create ,  and ultimately publish breaking news and information on our website . 2 .     help cover events and tradeshows3 .     work on long - term research and writing projects such as sourcebook ,  30 shops in 30 days retail profile series ,  and in - depth feature stories . 4 .     assist the edit staff with print magazine stories ,  proofing ,  and other tasks when applicable . 5 .     help with social media across all platforms for the transworld biz title .  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities 1 .     strong written and verbal communication2 .     great attention to detail3 .     self - motivated  /  able to work independently as well as in a team environment4 .     familiar with action sports 5 .     knowledge or background in journalism ,  business ,  or related fields .  physical requirements must be able to sit for long periodsmust be able to use computer  /  keyboardmust be able to read complex documents and speak clearly     
 position title vibe . com editorial intern department digital and print location new york ,  ny time commitment must be available to work at least 2 full days  ( 9 30 a . m .   -  5 30 p . m .  )  in our new york office and provide his / her own laptop company overview spinmedia is defining digital culture  publishing more than 40 leading brands whose original voices define their categories .  spinmedia reaches one in four millennials in the u . s .  monthly through its portfolio of award - winning and influential brands including  spin ,  vibe ,  celebuzz ,  stereogum ,  videogum ,  buzznet ,  thesuperficial ,  idolator ,  purevolume ,  hype machine ,  absolutepunk ,  what would tyler durden do ?  ,  socialitelife ,  go fug yourself ,  just jared ,  pink is the new blog ,  gorilla vs .  bear ,  rcrd lbl ,  thefrisky !  ,  concrete loop ,  brooklyn vegan and punknews .  as measured by comscore ,  spinmedia is the largest digital publisher of entertainment news and the fourth largest digital publisher of original music content in the u . s .  spinmedia draws on original editorial content ,  deep audience engagement ,  and knowledge of the young adult audience to provide customized ,  innovative marketing and advertising solutions across its branded properties .  overview of department vibe . com covers all aspects of entertainment  ( hip - hop ,  r&b ,  pop ,  movies ,  sports )  ,  as well as some fashion and lifestyle .  responsibilities this internship is primarily digital - based .  daily tasks include writing news briefs and sending pitches for vibe . com .  other duties  researching stories and transcribing interviews with celebrities .  on occasion ,  interns may be asked to attend events and do red carpet reporting on behalf of vibe .  interns with an active interest in print will have occasional opportunities to assist with the magazine .  requirements vibe is seeking creative ,  driven and detail - orientated individuals with excellent communication skills ,  a passion for all things pop culture and a strong desire to learn in a dynamic and fun environment .  a major in journalism ,  english ,  writing or a media - related program are essential ,  as are knowledge and expertise in word ,  content management systems and social media  ( twitter ,  facebook ,  instagram )  .  the ideal vibe intern is adept at reporting and writing news stories and has a self - motivated ,  proactive attitude ,  with a willingness to learn .  intern ( s )  must receive academic credit to be eligible to participate in spinmedia’s internship program .      
 zoochosis ,  llc is a boutique ,  venice beach based video production company that is looking for an editorial intern to assist with its digital media projects including a web series that is being done for discovery s online media division .  zoochosis specializes in hi - production value ,  hi - concept webseries and viral videos .  you can see there work at the link below  http  /  / www . youtube . com .  .  .  .      
 at the fresh market ,  we believe it s the small things that make the biggest difference  a perfect flower .  a fresh cup of coffee .  a friendly employee who goes beyond the call of duty .   these are the things that change our mood and our day .   these are the things we remember .   as a produce clerk with the fresh market you will be responsible for working closely with store manager ,  assistant store managers ,  and produce manager in order to create the fresh market environment and ensure the success of the store and department through excellent customer service and a demonstrated passion for food .   the produce clerk will demonstrate an overall knowledge of programs and operations to include ,  but not limited to ,  all produce department products .   the friends of the fresh market come to our stores for more than just wonderful food .   our produce clerk will be passionately dedicated and personally invested in creating a warm and safe environment for our customers and store employees .   the fresh market produce clerk will be responsible for making our unique experience come alive in an atmosphere that fosters genuine camaraderie and a heartfelt sense of belonging .   join the fresh market ,  and you ll work for a company that s dedicated to making positive ,  lasting impressions .   on our customers ,  and on our employees .   a company that cares just as much about the little things as we do about the big ones .   because after all ,  it s the experience that matters .   qualifications  the fresh market prefers previous experience in the food ,  grocery ,  produce ,  or retail industry .  the fresh market requires basic math skills .   candidates should be highly motivated with a sense of urgency and the ability to work in a fast - paced environment at all times with all levels of employees .   demonstrated excellent people skills are required for all positions within the fresh market .   the job requires standing ,  walking ,  bending ,  climbing throughout the entire work day and the ability to lift ,  stack and maneuver objects .   weekend ,  evening and holiday work will be required in the position .  minimum age for employment is 18 .   job produce clerk  primary location us - md - rockville - rockville  schedule full - time     
 primary responsibility is to take excellent care of our customers by satisfying each customer . s needs and exceeding their expectations .  this requires a defined level of product knowledge ,  food preparation skills ,  sales ability ,  customer relations skills ,  and cooperation with fellow associates to create an incredible place to work and shop .  responsible for processing / packaging / stocking produce products according to produce standards ,  cleaning work areas ,  providing customer service unloading stock ,  and reloading salvage .  perform duties of floral clerk when assigned .   qualifications  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .  the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge ,  skill ,  and / or ability required .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with  disabilities to perform the essential functions .  associates must be at least 16 years of age .   personal skills .  exceptional interpersonal skills .  willingness to participate in and successfully complete required training and to work with the team to increase customer satisfaction and sales .   education and / or experience .  high school diploma or general education degree  ( ged )   or one to three months related experience and / or training  or equivalent combination of education and experience .   language skills .  ability to read and comprehend simple instructions ,  short correspondence ,  and memos  [ in english ]  .  ability to write simple correspondence  [ in english ]  .  ability to effectively present information in one - on - one and small group situations to customers ,  vendors ,  and other  associates of the organization who only speak english .   mathematical skills .  ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to perform these operations using units of american money and weight measurement .   reasoning ability .  ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions .  ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations .   certificates ,  licenses ,  registrations .  complete company . s training including but not limited to  new hire orientation ,  food sanitation ,  customer service network ,  safety ,  food safety ,  and product knowledge .   physical demands .  the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  while performing the duties of this job ,  the associate is regularly required to stand  walk  use hands to finger ,  handle ,  or feel  reach with hands and arms  talk or hear  and taste or smell .  the associate is occasionally required to climb or balance and stoop ,  kneel ,  or crouch .  the associate must regularly lift and / or move up to 60 pounds and reaches from 6 - 72 inches .  specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision ,  color ,  and depth perception .   work environment .  the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  while performing the duties of this job ,  the associate constantly works in a cool environment with an average temperature range of 55 - 60 degrees fahrenheit and is frequently exposed to wet and / or humid conditions and moving mechanical parts .  the associate is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles ,  toxic or caustic chemicals ,  and is frequently exposed to cold .  the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud .      
 posted positions may close at any time .   please apply today if you are interested in this position .   once this posting is closed applications will no longer be accepted .   job summary  sets - up and maintains the condition of the department according to company standards .  provides customer service and ensures product quality and selection .    ·         maintains an atmosphere of enthusiastic customer awareness with an emphasis on providing fast ,  friendly customer service .   ·         performs receiving duties including  verifying orders against invoices  reporting shortages and claims to ensure proper billing  breaking down loads and dating product  cutting cases  stacking ,  pricing and marking merchandise  maintaining produce storage area  etc .   ·         insures proper merchandising for freshness and quality of goods by preventing shrink ,  damage and spoilage of product  trimming ,  cutting ,  wrapping ,  traying ,  displaying and watering produce  building produce displays  rotating stock  discarding outdated or spoiled product  ensuring proper pricing and signing of products  using related equipment such as knives ,  wrappers ,  scales ,  compactors ,  garbage disposals ,  hand trucks ,  pallet jacks and fork lift  etc .   ·         maintains cleanliness and eye - appeal of work area ,  storage area ,  and selling floor .   ·         ensures safe / secure work environment .   ·         performs duties with honesty and integrity .   ·         performs other duties as assigned or needed .    experience   ·         performing basic math  ( add ,  subtract ,  divide and multiple )  and compute weights and measures .   ability to   ·         perform friendly ,  courteous ,  tactful customer service .   ·         maintain composure in dealing with customers and co - workers .   ·         communicate  ( hearing & speech )  with customers during the day shift .   ·         conduct visual inspection of product ,  display ,  ready written material ,  etc .   ·         communicate in writing to others .   ·         reach ,  lift and maneuver objects of varying dimensions and weights up to 40 - 50 lbs .  frequently .   ·         push and pull fully loaded handtrucks and pallet jacks .   ·         stand for long periods of time ,  walk and move rapidly ,  bend ,  twist and turn frequently .   ·         perform safe / quick movements and operate related equipment listed below with manual dexterity and hand / eye coordination .   ·         work with hands exposed to moisture .   ·         learn proper handling ,  preparation ,  seasonality ,  and perishability ,  product safety ,  sanitation procedures and department policies .   ·         perform primary duties efficiently and accurately .   ·         wear hats ,  hairnets ,  gloves ,  and other personal protective equipment as required .   additional requirements   ·         food handlers certification  ( per state laws )  .   machines and equipment operated   ·       includes such tools and equipment as knives ,  wrappers ,  scales ,  compactors ,  garbage disposals ,  hand trucks ,  pallet jacks ,  fork lift and ladder  the above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by the employees assigned to this job .  all employees must comply with company policies and applicable laws .  the responsibilities ,  duties and qualifications required of personnel so classified may vary .      
 mainesource is the retail division of maines paper & food service ,  inc .  we pride ourselves on providing food service quality products in the quantity and at the price both our customers and the public want .  as the fastest growing division ,  over the past 3 years we have expanded and currently have four locations in the southern tier of new york and northeastern pennsylvania .  if you have a retail background and want to join a growing organization consider the produce clerk position .  reporting to the  produce manager of mainesource .   1 .  provide exceptional customer service 2 .  maintain company cleanliness standards 3 .   maintain company safety standards 4 .  follow all haacp guidelines 5 .  proper merchandising including culling ,  rotation ,  quality control and cool signage 6 .  ordering product and verification of daily dr data receiving matching to invoice as applicable 7 .  proper procedures regarding shrink and inventory control 8 .  other duties as assigned  requirements  strong customer service skills  · strong written and verbal communication skills  1 -  2 years of produce experience  company benefits  direct deposit  growth opportunities  limited part - time benefits     
 provides superior customer service .  orders ,  stocks ,  rotates and maintains produce in accordance with company standards regarding merchandise presentation ,  safety ,  sanitation ,  service and suggestive selling .  significant amount of time spent in trimming ,  washing and preparing product for placement in the display cases .  additional duties as needed .      
 will be working with produce analysis - answering phones  -  connecting to inner company staff ,  entering data in computer on longevity of produce  -  per species working with word ,  generating invoices ,  contact with farmers for availability .      
 with a focus on providing superior customer service ,  the produce clerk provides customers with product knowledge and the freshest and best quality produce ,  replenishing and rotating merchandise ,  filling refrigerated and non - refrigerated cases ,  and building colorful and attractive displays .   some job responsibilities include     maintaining a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and the team .    engaging with customers through smiles and greetings ,  offering product information ,  providing selling suggestions and active sampling and always giving a genuine thank you .    unloading trailers ,  receiving merchandise verifying orders ,  breaking down produce loads ,  positioning cases of product in the produce warehouse or walk - in cooler .    understanding proper product trimming ,  rotation ,  culling ,  crisping and watering techniques and procedures ,  ensuring product attractiveness and shelf life .    building attractive displays of produce ,  while maintaining proper product inventory levels .    understanding the importance of monitoring product pricing ,  signage ,  and placement and the proper use of product shelf tags and signage .    keeping clean neat and orderly work areas ,  including a well swept produce department .    attentively stocking dated perishable products ,  rotating them as necessary to ensure quality and safety .   performs other duties as needed or assigned by management .  must be at least 18 yearsold .    include     a friendly and positive attitude towards customers and team members .    a desire to greet ,  engage and sincerely thank the customer   an outstanding work ethic and a desire to constantly improve one’s work performance .    ability to work well with others ,  helping to support each team member’s effort to succeed .    ability to be flexible ,  adapting to new jobs ,  schedules ,  team members ,  programs ,  policies and procedures .    ability to learn quickly and a desire to learn and do more .    ability to think through one’s decisions ,  solving problems and coming up with solutions .    ability to     remain helpful ,  tactful and courteous at all times .    work quickly and efficiently ,  sometimes with little direction ,  to accomplish assigned duties .    add ,  subtract ,  divide ,  multiply and perform other basic business math calculations .    read upc codes ,  product labels ,  shelf signage ,  business forms ,  and posted company policies / procedures .    identify and communicate the place of origin ,  taste and uses of a wide variety of fruits ,  vegetables and other produce products .    learn the uses and cooking methods of fruits ,  vegetables and produce products merchandised .    be dexterous enough with hands and fingers so as to be able to fill and rotate products quickly and use necessary equipment ,  including knives ,  wrappers and scales .    communicate openly and professionally through appropriate body language ,  facial expressions and speech ,  also communicating in writing when necessary .    listen to and understand verbal and non - verbal communication of customers and fellow members .    stand for long periods of time ,  bend and twist ,  and frequently lift and / or maneuver merchandise and supplies weighing 30 – 40 lbs .  .    lift and maneuver up to 100 lbs and break down large and very heavy pallet loads of produce cases ,  boxes and bags .    operate manual and electric pallet jacks .    often work in walk - in refrigerated coolers .    work with all sorts of vegetables and fruits ,  spices ,  nuts ,  flavorings ,  sauces and oils .      
 produce clerk  ( age 18 )  28th st .  & kzoo ave grand rapids mi  meijer is a leading supercenter located in five states throughout the midwest ,  with nearly 200 stores and almost 60 , 000 employees .  as a multi - billion dollar retailer ,  meijer is ranked as the 15th largest privately held company in the country .  we have become a respected leader in the competitive retail market by sticking to our core values of customers ,  competition ,  family ,  freshness ,  and safety & health .  meijer s midwest geography includes corporate offices in grand rapids ,  michigan ,  and stores ,  distribution centers ,  and manufacturing facilities throughout michigan ,  indiana ,  illinois ,  ohio ,  and kentucky .   currently ,  meijer is looking for a food clerk .  the individual selected for this position will be responsible for delivering remarkable customer service by providing customers with exceptional product knowledge ,  efficient service and a friendly attitude .  this entry level team member position will be exposed to a variety of retail tasks related to product ,  customer service and merchandising .   key responsibilities include     possessing a sense of urgency and comfort level to be able to work in a fast paced environment   building rapport with customers   displaying a friendly and outgoing attitude that is shown through good eye contact and body language   providing assistance by responding to customer questions in an effective and efficient manner   stocking product and maintaining product displays according to merchandising standards   following safety and sanitation procedures to ensure quality service and products for our customers  qualifications    detail oriented and organized   possesses good listening and communication skills   has adequate knowledge of computer systems and is comfortable using them   is process driven and has ability to follow procedures in an organized and efficient way   ability to stay calm while working in a fast paced environment   desire to work with customers on a consistent basis   ability to lift ,  carry ,  push ,  pull ,  bend and twist while handling product   ability to stand for long periods of time  thank you for your interest in this position .  there may not be current openings for this position at this time .  by submitting an application to this position ,  you are expressing interest should an opening become available in the future .  our recruiters routinely review available applications as openings become available .      
 job title  produce clerk .  recruit gaap staffing is searching for a full time produce clerk for a company located in washington ,  dc .  industry environment  retail .  with a local work environment described as  successful ,  helpful and all around great company .  location  washington ,  dc 20011 .  salary  $14 / hour .  job code  rg5052 .  the right candidate will be able to successfully perform the primary roles and responsibilities of  assisting produce manager with department needs ,  stocking product and maintaining freshness ,  loading and unloading pallets upon arrival days .  recruit gaap is searching for the right candidate who is proficient with the following skills ,  work experience or abilities  communication skills ,  stocking product ,  able to operate forklift and machine jack .  if a starting salary of up to $14 per hour ,  great company benefits ,  and the described work environment appeals to you ,  then please consider applying for job code  rg5052 .      
 summary  the asst .  promotion producer works with the promotion producer /  senior promotion producer to complete the final editing ,  visual effects ,  and video & audio compositing according to their brief .  key responsibilities and accountabilities  brainstorm and conceptualise with promotion producer  /  senior promotion producer  / promotion team .  producing accurate and high quality work contributing ideas and design artwork to the overall brief work closely with promotion producer to conceptualise and produce promotions ,  taking into account design ,  live action shoots ,  edit ,  voice over and sound design stay current in production trends and new technology seek out the best and most appropriate external production resources  ( i . e .  graphic design houses ,  post - production facilities ,  audio mix houses ,  voice - over / on - camera talent ,  etc .  )  work with promotion producer to meet all project deadlines including delivery of ,  graphics ,  rough cuts ,  and final cuts on time other responsibilities  perform other duties relevant to the job as requested     
 we are building a world - class team to support our growing community of event organizers and attendees .  if you are passionate about delivering exceptional service ,  we want you on our customer - loving ,  fun ,  hard working and high - five giving team .  this position will entail doing what you love all day long  -  helping people .  through phone ,  email and live chat you will be interfacing with our wonderful customers ,  and working through various questions to help make their event a success .  your mastery of the eventbrite platform will be invaluable as you guide our customers in learning effective ways to set up ,  promote ,  resolve day - of - event concerns ,  and provide information on pricing and payments .  ultimately your goal will be to delight our customers and send them away with greater knowledge and a smile .  please note that this is for the varied shift  monday  -  wednesday 10 30am  -  7 00pm and saturday  -  sunday 2 30pm  -  11 00pm .  you will  provide world - class service to our event organizers and attendees via phone and email be an expert on eventbrite features and processes own customer issues and escalate to appropriate channels when needed provide instruction and tutorials about our service to existing customers represent the voice of our customers by interfacing and collaborating with other internal teams when appropriate you bring  a bachelors degree or equivalent experience at least 3 years in a customer - facing role demonstrated aptitude and love of providing exceptional customer service a natural enthusiasm for resolving problems and helping people excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to learn new technology at lightning speed and to teach and help others stamina and focus to provide support to dozens of contacts per day with a smile .  flexibility – sometimes we work early ,  sometimes we work late .  we want to make sure someone is always on hand to help out     
 overview of the internship opportunity     learn project management and producing skills necessary to make for great on - air presentations / demonstrations ,  exciting events and stellar shows   learn how / when content / assets  ( like b - roll / graphics ,  etc .  )   are used and when and how to request that content   learn the logistics of what it takes to make a great show—everything from requesting sets and visual propping to aiding with guests needs prior to showtime   gain exposure to vendors ,  guests ,  merchandising team ,  producers ,  and live show personnel   gain exposure to learning how to write show notes for live show execution  responsibilities will include but are not limited to     assist supervising and / or associate producers with day - to  - day project management responsibilities and requests   assist with live show execution / communication and requests for assets and on - air content   assist in communicating with producers and live show and other support teams   attend content and asset meetings ,  as needed  qualifications  minimum requirements     classes in producing and / or production with an understanding of content  ( be it graphic or video in nature )    detail - oriented and good at managing projects ,  timelines and deliverables .    some knowledge of what category you prefer   some knowledge of hsn is a plus   currently enrolled in your junior and senior year   in order to participate in our tv internship program ,  you must be earning college credit   ideal candidate will be able to aid in an entire project -  from start to finish .  this is availability based ,  but that’s for ideal learning as well .    must be able to participate in a minimum of 20 hours per week   8 - 16 weeks ,  depending upon the hours that are able to be committed and the length of semester  job field  -  other  location  -  fl - saint petersburg  schedule  -  part - time  shift  -  1st shift  employee status  -  temporary  /  on call     
 overview of the internship opportunity     learning each position related to the broadcast field   attaining further knowledge of the live show that is not taught in class   gaining first hand experience in every position to the point where the student knows what to expect when going out into the real world   gain exposure on working with live show team ,  hosts ,  guests ,  partners and other departments that touch the live show  responsibilities will include but are not limited to   working within producing department to gain a better understanding and experience in a live show atmosphere .   assistant producer     executing the daily responsibilities of the ap position .    additional department needs when applicable .    attending daily and weekly team meetings  qualifications  minimum requirements     classes in producing and / or production with an understanding of content  ( be it graphic or video in nature )    detail - oriented and good at managing projects ,  timelines and deliverables .    some knowledge of hsn is a plus   you must be enrolled in your junior and senior year   in order to participate in our tv internship program ,  you must be earning college credit   ideal candidate will be able to aid in an entire project -  from start to finish .  this is availability based ,  but that’s for ideal learning as well   must be able to participate in a minimum of 20 hours per week   8 - 12 weeks ,  depending upon length of semester  job field  -  television  location  -  fl - saint petersburg  schedule  -  part - time  shift  -  variable  employee status  -  temporary  /  on call     
 12 week internship   the marketing administrative intern performs various professional and administrative functions including assisting with various marketing and public relations activities .   produces a variety of communications to both internal and external customers .   assists with media relations ,  community relations ,  web site maintenance ,  social media and promotion of programs and services .   qualifications  currently enrolled or graduate of a four - year college or university is required .   1 to 3 years of marketing experience required .      
 12 week internship   the marketing administrative intern performs various professional and administrative functions including assisting with various marketing and public relations activities .   produces a variety of communications to both internal and external customers .   assists with media relations ,  community relations ,  web site maintenance ,  social media and promotion of programs and services .   qualifications  currently enrolled or graduate of a four - year college or university is required .   1 to 3 years of marketing experience required .      
 12 week internship   the marketing administrative intern performs various professional and administrative functions including assisting with various marketing and public relations activities .   produces a variety of communications to both internal and external customers .   assists with media relations ,  community relations ,  web site maintenance ,  social media and promotion of programs and services .   qualifications  currently enrolled or graduate of a four - year college or university is required .   1 to 3 years of marketing experience required .      
 12 week internship   the marketing administrative intern performs various professional and administrative functions including assisting with various marketing and public relations activities .   produces a variety of communications to both internal and external customers .   assists with media relations ,  community relations ,  web site maintenance ,  social media and promotion of programs and services .   qualifications  currently enrolled or graduate of a four - year college or university is required .   1 to 3 years of marketing experience required .      
 6 week internship   the marketing administrative intern performs various professional and administrative functions including assisting with various marketing and public relations activities .   produces a variety of communications to both internal and external customers .   assists with media relations ,  community relations ,  web site maintenance ,  social media and promotion of programs and services .   qualifications  currently enrolled or graduate of a four - year college or university is required .      
 the marketing industry is seeking a full - time marketing and communications intern for the sunrise ,  fl area .  starting wage or salary up to $13 per hour .  job code  2 - 23fl .  environment described as  thriving and successful .  recruit gaap seeks someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  produce and update media kit materials including fact sheets and backgrounders ,  attractions and events ,  assist communications director by writing and editing copy for release ,  maintain web page ,  social media outlets ,  design projects ,  research and tracking as needed .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  design and graphics skills ,  computer software skill proficient ,  written and oral communication skills .  location  sunrise ,  fl 33304 .      
 seeking energetic ,  talented students who want to gain experience working with a social media startup .  learn from a diverse team to get exposure to marketing and sales tactics in the digital world .  as a marketing intern ,  your responsibilities consist of ,  but are not restricted to research ,  social media participation  ( facebook ,  blog ,  linkedin ,  twitter ,  etc .  )  ,  and general office duties  ( filing ,  organization ,  etc .  )  .  marketing research to produce leads for sales is a key responsibility for this position .  it requires attention to detail and the ability to work independently .  in this position you will use marketing ,  communications ,  and public relations skills to gain hands - on experience .  regular oversight ,  instruction ,  and coaching will be given and administered against assigned tasks .      
 title  intern ,  measurement science location  ny - syosset responsible for executing specific activities such as sample selection ,  research ,  household data reporting ,  and assisting the group on special projects / analyses .  responsibilities  • produce weekly & monthly msci reports on panel • produce adhoc reports for internal tracking • assist group in conducting studies to answer client questions ,  respond to client concerns ,  or justify procedures and practices .  • assist group in special analyses related to kpi variances  ( key performance indicators )  .  • current junior  -   major / minor in statistics ,  mathematics or similar field • gpa  3 . 0 or better • basic computer skills  -   experience with microsoft excel ,  word and powerpoint • strong oral and written communication skills • problem solving skills  ( deductive reasoning ,  logical thinking )      
need help with setting up and running a mailmerge campaign for probate letters to various cities in the us .  desired skills  admin assistant microsoft office microsoft publisher    
 seeking a highly energetic ,  efficient and web savvy virtual assistant ,  modestly priced ,  for immediate start and quick project / task turnaround .   ( this is a one - off job ,  however ,  if you quickly and accurately dispatch this task set ,  you may be considered for potential ongoing va work .  )  important  i am inviting many   watch list   people to apply for this va position .  some of you were listed under   writing & translation    however ,  a few of you may be motivated and competent to work as general va s ,  so i have invited you ,  too .  for this initial stage of my project ( s )  i require assistance for a quick 24 to 72 hour turnaround on specific task sets ,  helping me and my web designer locate ,  organize and possibly arrange / set up needed material .  this will likely include ,  but not necessarily be limited to ,  the following objectives   -  -  data gathering & preparation for pages listing local nature & science centers   -  -  research ,  locate low cost / no cost sound track ( s )  for site  ( e . g .  ,  mozart concertos )   -  -  research and recommend easiest / best password management software  -  -  research / recommend phone / messaging system to forward after - hours calls  ( to be dealt with during daytime hours )   -  -  locate ,  recommend  ( and possibly arrange for )  free or low cost ,  copyright - safe content  subject  henry david thoreau ,  walden pond ,  the transcendentalists   -  -  locate ,  recommend  ( and possibly arrange for )  free or low cost ,  copyright - safe content  subjects  organisms  ( and related activities )   wild birds ,  bird watching  plants  ( wildflowers ,  trees & shrubs )   wildlife / animals  ( reptiles & amphibians  mammals  insects  etc .  -  - all creatures should be indigenous to the northeastern u .  s .  and canada )  .  to be considered for this job ,  and to indicate that you are actually reading these job details ,  in your proposal / reply please be sure to tell me your favorite kind of bird ,  plant ,  or animal ,  or another aspect of the natural environment that you find interesting or otherwise compelling .  ideal  ( longer term )  va candidate must be  well spoken and exceptionally facile with the english language ,  with a nearly flawless grasp of english spelling ,  punctuation ,  syntax ,  grammar ,  etc .  .  must also be capable of competent ,  highly detail - oriented proofreading ,  editing and  ( possibly )  actual content creation / writing for my niche website .  proofing / editing of print - on - paper books and e - books is also a possibility for the ideal candidate ,  or at least lending help with this .   ( i work with a gifted book designer and website developer  the successful longer - term va candidate will be asked to work cooperatively with her ,  in support of her superb work .  based in oregon ,  she works with me through the basecamp project software )  .  that said ,  the ideal va for my nascent publishing company will bring to bear a variety of other competencies ,  including the basic organizational expertise desired by most small business va clients .   ( my initially required tasks ,  however ,  will mainly include researching / mining / scraping the internet with a discerning eye for niche - pertinent website and blog content .  the first set of tasks will also likely include helping with social media setup ,  with the possibility of s - media management down the line .  )  more info  my book & e - book audience  the general reader and enthusiasts  ( or future enthusiasts !  )  of the nineteenth - century american naturalist - philosopher henry david thoreau .  my website / blog audience  science ,  nature ,  wildlife and wild bird enthusiasts  also educators and students of natural history ,  biology and / or the life sciences in general  ( this is a website linked to an associated blog )   and h .  d .  thoreau enthusiasts .  regions covered  the web site and blog will initially be focused on the nature ,  wildlife and wild birds of connecticut ,  southern new england ,  new england and the northeastern u .  s .   ( pretty much in that order .  )  if this sounds like it is up your alley please don t delay -  - i look forward to hearing from you very soon !  desired skills  content writing english grammar virtual assistant research skill & adaptability web savvy computer skills     
 applicants must be extremely organized ,  meticulous and adept in microsoft word  ( and the entire microsoft office suite )  .  previous publishing / printing experience is preferred .  job duties   assist in formatting and file preparation ,  file comparisons ,  and photo selection  ( we would train employees on these processes )  facilitate the transmission of files between various production departments  perform receptionist / customer service duties as needed  flexibility and ability to manage multiple tasks  excellent verbal and written communication skills  perform other duties and projects as assignedworking hours  7am - 5pm m - th ,  7am - 11am fri  ( with 1 hour lunch ) compensation  depends on experience     
 a member of the research recruiting association in the publishing industry is seeking a full time sales representative .  the company offers the following environment  medium sized company .  estimated salary of $25 per hour .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  followed up on order completion ,  increase business ,  customer contact and relationship building .  seeking someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  follow up ,  market development ,  customer service .  unique job number  ls284 .  location  chicago ,  il 60628     
 job description  publicity assistant  -  crown publishing group entry level ,  full time ,   -  ,  public relations ,  publicity  /  communications ,  assistant random house u . s . a ,  new york ,  new york  your challenge  we are currently seeking an assistant to join the crown publishing group’s publicity team .  this position provides an opportunity to work with all of the departments within crown while handling responsibilities such as     creating author itineraries   helping to implement book publicity campaigns and managing event logistics   coordinating communications efforts   creating publicity materials ,  such as press releases and press kits   additional assignments ,  projects and responsibilities ,  as needed .   your profile  the ideal candidate has a ba in public relations or a related field ,  as well as some relevant internship or working experience .  experience in book publishing is beneficial ,  but not required .  candidates should also be self - starters with impeccable attention to detail and possess a proactive and independent approach to work .  the ideal candidate is savvy with social media ,  seo ,  web development ,  google analytics ,  etc .  and proficient in microsoft office suite  ( particularly excel ,  including the ability to produce basic graphs and charts )  .  candidate experience should demonstrate the ability to prioritize and multi - task in a rapidly changing ,  fast - paced environment .   about our company  penguin random house is the world s largest english - language general trade book publisher .  it is a division of bertelsmann se & co .  kgaa ,  one of the foremost media companies in the world .   thank you for your interest in random house .  random house is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer .   http  /  / careers . randomhouse . com  submit resume  print  save job to my pcp  back  sign in using social net  learn more     
 title  publishing intern location  united states of america - minnesota - eagan - usa - eagan - 610 opperman dr job number  jreq008539 thomson reuters is currently seeking motivated and energetic college students interested in learning about the publishing / information delivery industry for work on projects within the legal editorial operations department .  legal editorial operations delivers content from statutes ,  caselaw ,  secondary analytical law and legal textbooks to a wide variety of platforms .  for the codes department ,  which publishes state and federal statutes ,  regulations and court rules in print ,  electronic and cd form ,  the intern will work on data comparing ,  text merging basic laws ,  executing data corrections ,  cross reference verification ,  web scouting ,  westlaw test review ,  and pending processing .  other tasks in codes could include the burning of cd - rom’s ,  westlaw quality checks ,  and filing .  we are the leading source of intelligent information for the world  s businesses and professionals ,  providing customers with competitive advantage .  intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence ,  industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision - makers with the knowledge to act ,  enabling them to make better decisions faster .  we deliver this must - have insight to the financial and risk ,  legal ,  tax and accounting ,  intellectual property and science and media markets ,  powered by the world  s most trusted news organization .  qualifications  education    currently enrolled as a sophomore or junior in a bachelor  s / master  s degree program .  most suitable programs include english ,  journalism ,  marketing ,  business .  knowledge and skills    familiarity with internet research .    strong pc skills including applications such as word ,  excel ,  access ,  outlook ,  and power point .    oral and written communication skills .    strong analytical skills and ability to problem solve in a logical manner   strong attention to detail and good organizational skills   ability to meet deadlines in a dynamic and fast paced environment schedules    at least 15 - 20 hours per week with flexible work hours during the school year .    long term internship  -  could exceed 1 year at thomson reuters ,  we believe what we do matters .  we are passionate about our work ,  inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers .  as a team ,  we believe in winning as one  -  collaborating to reach shared goals ,  and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences .  with over 60 , 000 employees in more than 100 countries ,  we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world .  making this happen is a dynamic ,  evolving process ,  and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance  -  and their own .  as a global business ,  we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals .  to ensure we can do that ,  we seek talented ,  qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race ,  color ,  sex / gender ,  including pregnancy ,  gender identity and expression ,  national origin ,  religion ,  sexual orientation ,  disability ,  age ,  marital status ,  citizen status ,  veteran status ,  or any other protected classification under country or local law .  thomson reuters is proud to be an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action employer providing a drug - free workplace .  intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself ?  come join us .  to learn more about what we offer ,  please visit careers . thomsonreuters . com .  more information about thomson reuters can be found on thomsonreuters . com .  according to the u . s .  citizenship and immigration services  ( uscis )  ,  the h - 1b visa cap has been met for the 2014 fiscal year  ( october 1 ,  2013 - september 30 ,  2014 )  .  job  administration family group     
 high school graduate required .  associates degree in secretarial and office management strongly preferred .  three  ( 3 )  to four  ( 4 )  years secretarial experience required .  must be proficient in microsoft word ,  excel ,  and desktop publishing .  must be able to interact with a diverse population ,  have excellent organizational ,  communications and customer relations skills .      
 28 year old education publisher seeks polished sales representative to represent reading program to schools .  company is seeking loyal team players who are interested in making a difference in the community while earning a living .  some travel will be required .  characteristics of the person we are looking for  confident ,  driven ,  competitive ,  optimistic ,  motivating ,  ambition ,  wants to be successful .  must have sales skills .      
 this is a research and development position in the gfi wireless department .  perfect applicant must possess a good skill set in computer programming ,  networks ,  and security in general and wireless networks in particular .  an intern is expected to finish a list of tasks by the end of the internship that includes but not limited to quality assurance ,  researching wireless protocols ,  wireless signals ,  and field testing in addition to developing proof of concept code to certain tasks .   ?   ?      
 students may expect to work on conducting employee file audits and addressing any identified gaps ,  supporting all forms of company and employee communications including writing procedures and publishing important events / information on our internal communication source .  students will assist with all aspects of recruiting – from pre - screening applicants ,  to interviewing ,  to new employee on - boarding .  students receive an up - close and hands - on opportunity to learn nearly all aspects of human resources .  required skills required experience at least one previous / relevant internship or co - op .      
 job description  act as second - in - command for clients training in multi - crew aircraft who have come to training without a flying partner .   in that capacity ,  will serve as a competent second - in - command  ( sic )  and will not be performing instructional duties .      
 position purpose  to assist the accounts payable ,  accounting and accounts receivable department on various tasks and projects .   responsibilities   · help reduce ot throughout departments ,  cover for summer vacations .   · research the auto cash application process and determine if it will be a good fit for our current process  · research and analyze our current p - card program and determine if there are better / different ways of completing the task .   · complete back scanning of older invoices for the ap department  · create a better process for uploading gl entries to the gl  · help with fixed asset projects  · other projects as assigned  requirements   · student majoring in business ,  finance or accounting  · efficient in ms excel  · strong written and verbal communication skills  · problem solver  · attention to detail  · someone who can think outside the box     
 meredith publishing ,  local media group and corporate internships  semester internship available at broadcasting station in fairway ,  ks  this particular internship is a structured ,  part - time approximately 150 / 225 hours during the academic semester .  it is designed to provide meaningful and challenging projects ,  specifically designed to enhance content distribution through new technologies that are immediate and easily accessible .   the internship program is designed to augment a student s academic studies .   essential job functions  100%  -  experience and assist in the various jobs related to broadcast news .       all must be met to be considered .   education  college student who meets the academic eligibility requirements of the specific program .   experience  individual subject matter and skills will vary depending upon available placements .      
 this job code is utilized for the majority of our temporary hires .  the individual is performing hourly job duties as defined under the fair labor standards act .       description oracle provides the world s most complete ,  open ,  and integrated business software and hardware solutions .   exciting internship opportunity for assisting with presales activities for oracle’s next generation crm software .   responsibilities  ·       assist in the development of product demos and presentations  ·       draft and send newsletters / whitepapers .   ·       collect and analyze business - related industry and market trend information from the market  ·       work on competitive research and analysis  ·       respond to rfps  ( requests for proposals )  from potential clients  ·       participate along with experienced presales consultants at customer meetings  ·       present crm solutions to customers to help solve business problems  ·       provide support as needed to the presales team  preferred qualifications  ·       strong written and oral communication skills ,  including the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management .   ·       desire to learn new sales techniques  /  prospecting methods .   ·       familiarity with solution selling techniques and experience using crm software is a plus .   ·       prospecting and cold calling experience preferred .   ·       college student  ( undergraduate )  pursuing a degree in sales ,  marketing ,  management ,  mis or computer science     
 marketing intern   ( full time )  location  baltimore ,  md  are you a “jack of all trades” ?  love rolling up your sleeves and figuring things out ?   does the possibility of seeking out different career paths excite you ?    if you answered yes to both of these questions ,  take a look at this all - encompassing marketing internship with an exciting company ,  omnivista health ,  an affiliate of agora inc .   you’ll start by hitting the ground running ,  doing whatever needs to be done for this growing business .   you’ll learn how to use different systems and get a taste of writing and editing .  from ,  reporting to conducting research ,  you’ll be doing it all .   you must be driven to work hard and independently  so self - motivation and self - sufficiency are key .   the ability to multitask and be detail - oriented is also crucial for this position .   if you think you have what it takes to help this growing business while learning more about the publishing industry ,  send your resume and cover letter to the link provided .   i20121221523713cd1c9d8omnivistaapplicationapply now   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -      
 functions of the job include ,  but are not limited to  implementing changes to company website ,  blog ,  crm and other web services  mapping and executing strategies developed in conjunction with content manager ,  director of sales ,  customer service .  ideal candidates will excel in an environment that encourages autonomy ,  innovation ,  progression  requires creative problem - solving  and expects transparent communication .  desired skills experience  - requirements  candidates must have strong knowledge of dreamweaver ,  wordpress ,  photoshop - fireworks ,  html  ( 5 preferred )  ,  css  ( 3 preferred )  .   - appreciated software knowledge includes  infusionsoft ,  zendesk ,  asana ,  zapier ,  unbounce ,  genesis framework .  knowledge of seo ,  adwords ,  analytics a plus .      
 provides advanced administrative support including preparation of correspondence ,  meeting preparation and minutes ,  donor and special event database management ,  typing ,  filing ,  answering telephone ,  updating calendars and coordinating meetings for the development and community relations departments .  prepares invoices and keeps accurate records of all department check requests ,  invoices and purchase orders .  prepares monthly employee newsletter and ensures accurate and timely distribution .  assists in the maintenance of the lrh website .  works with director and webmaster  ( outside vendor )  on changes to website .  assists with coordination of various special events .  maintains a press release binder .  establishes and maintains positive working relationships with administrative staff ,  department directors ,  boards ,  physicians ,  donors ,  vendors ,  and the public .  performs miscellaneous support duties including coordinating meeting arrangements ,  food service requests ,  room set up and preparation of meeting materials and minutes as needed .   a minimum of two  -  five years executive / administrative support experience  ( preferably in a resource development and community relations office )  and / or associates or bachelor’s degree .  on the - job orientation in the health field helpful .   strong computer skills required including microsoft office  ( word ,  excel ,  access ,  powerpoint ,  publisher )  .  strong database skills required ,  preferably raiser’s edge fundraising software .  strong written and verbal communication skills .  the ability to multi - task and prioritize workload .  attention to detail is critical in this position .  excellent proofreading .      
 instructional support assistant  ( job id 3449 )  full - time family consumer sciences  about the division the department of family & consumer sciences is inspired by the belief that a supportive ,  challenging learning environment is a foundation for the personal ,  intellectual and professional development of our students ,  faculty and staff .  family & consumer sciences  ( fcs )  encompasses the study of relationships among people and their personal environments ,  focusing on the impact of physical ,  biological ,  and social environments on human behavior and development .   major duties under general supervision ,  the instructional support assistant assists the faculty in the department of family and consumer sciences  ( fcs )  with the daily operations of the interior design and apparel laboratories and the interior design resource library  secures and maintains instructional and research needs / materials  provides maintenance and general repair of equipment  coordinates and oversees weekly open hours in labs  assists faculty ,  physical plant management  ( ppm )  and outside vendors to maintain equipment in good working order  provides training to faculty and assists the health and human development inventory personnel and asset management with inventory of interior design and apparel equipment  maintains the daily department laptop checkout schedule  monitors ,  assigns ,  and distributes copier codes to department personnel  serves as the webmaster for the fcs ,  didactic program in dietetics  ( dpd )  and dietetics internship  ( di )  websites  assists with general fcs web maintenance  serves as department photographer at fcs events for the purpose of updating website and for promotional publications  assists with the logistical coordination of accreditation site visits  maintains and arranges faculty and student identification scans for the department omni security system  serves as the department emergency contact  assists with the production ,  distribution ,  and display of materials required for accreditation ,  research presentations ,  and fashion shows  and performs other duties as assigned .       equivalent to two years of experience performing a variety of support services for an instructional program and involving such activities as preparing ,  producing ,  dispensing or storing materials ,  supplies ,  and equipment or equivalent to one year of experience in ordering ,  purchasing ,  accounting or in office work related to technical materials ,  supplies ,  or equipment or in an office which provided similar services to a technical function or unit may be substituted for six months of the experience or equivalent to two years of college with 16 semester units in courses involving extensive use of materials ,  supplies ,  or equipment and in a discipline in the specialty area to which assigned .  knowledge ,  skills and abilities  knowledge of procedures and practices relating to providing support services  procedures and practices related to ordering and issue and inventory  materials ,  supplies and equipment .  ability to plan ,  organize ,  and follow schedules of activities  make equipment repair and adjustments  maintain records and project needs  count and perform arithmetic computations  read and write at a level suitable for professional performance on the job .   pay ,  benefits ,  & work schedule the university offers an excellent benefits package .   anticipated hiring range  $3087  -  $3400 ,  dependent upon qualifications and experience .   general information the person holding this position is considered a  mandated reporter  under the california child abuse and neglect reporting act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in csu executive order 1083 as a condition of employment .          the person holding this position is considered a  mandated reporter  under the california child abuse and neglect reporting act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in csu executive order 1083 as a condition of employment .      
 the ste2m center seeks an experienced and highly professional staff assistant to work as the primary support for the center .  this individual will primarily assist the center director with administrative tasks ,  support daily office - wide operations including financial record - keeping ,  and assist the director when needed .       1 .  provide basic analytical and specialized administrative support of a non - routine ,  non - repetitive nature to relieve and assist the director ,  including analyzing problems ,  determining approaches ,  compiling and analyzing data ,  and preparing reports / recommendations for action by the director .  2 .  plan or assist with ste2m center events .  manage calendars ,  schedule and coordinate meetings ,  including the creation and dissemination of flyers and / or notices ,  prepare agendas ,  make room and catering arrangements ,  and assure appropriate technology is in place and functioning .  3 .  arrange travel including schedule hotel ,  auto and airfare reservations ,  and produce travel authorization and reimbursement forms through the usu banner system .  4 .  compose ,  prepare ,  edit and proofread complex documents ,  reports ,  and other correspondence .  gather ,  assemble ,  and analyze information and data from a wide variety of sources .  work with university webmaster to update and maintain websites for the ste2m center .  5 .  coordinate and facilitate communications related to special projects and programs that may include student ,  faculty ,  and broad campus unit involvement .  answer telephone calls and tactfully handle inquiries and / or refer to appropriate party .  review and answer mail and inquiries on own initiative and determine within established guidelines if executive action is required .  6 .  serve as administrative support to center collaborations to develop grant proposals ,  follow up on pending details ,  coordinate project team activities ,  and ensure deadlines are met .  7 .  manage office inventory of supplies and equipment  general office duties  general financial responsibilities  ( record - keeping  expense tracking  p - cards )   and general assistance to other staff assistants .       1 .  four years of office - related experience  or an associate s degree plus two years of experience  or a bachelor s degree  or a certificate of completion of business administrative support program plus two years of experience .  2 .  ability to work effectively in a fast - paced ,  demanding office .  3 .  strong computer skills ,  including experience with microsoft office ,  and experience with or willingness to learn basic webpage skills and page layout or design programs .  4 .  ability to manage multiple tasks in a timely and effective manner .  5 .  ability to work independently with limited supervision .  6 .  effective organization ,  communication and problem - solving skills .  7 .  ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality ,  sensitivity and discretion .  8 .  ability to effectively interact with office personnel to meet deadlines and prioritize workload appropriately .  9 .  good understanding of the english language ,  including spelling ,  grammar and letter writing  and excellent proofreading skills .  10 .  ability to communicate in a professional manner with the university community ,  senior members of administration ,  and university guests .  11 .  cultural sensitivity in interacting with all guests ,  dignitaries and faculty .  12 .  excellent interpersonal skills .  13 .  detail oriented .  14 .  ability to maintain a positive ,  task - oriented ,  and focused attitude while at work .       1 .  advanced skills using microsoft excel 2 .  knowledge of usu s banner ,  canvas and ezbuy systems 3 .  familiar with usu policies and procedures     
 job description research assistant s&p ratings services 55 water street ,  new york the research assistant will collect ,  enter and verify various corporate or technical data  maintain data integrity with the s&p ratings services core / rpm and other databases ,  for the purpose of debt rating activities .  verifies and certifies data accuracy for publication purposes ,  such as daily press releases .  responsibilities  with minimum supervision ,  following established procedures ,  the research assistant performs the following duties ,  as needed  performs entry of data into systems ,  such as core ,  and maintains system log files to ensure accurate records of data entry into systems .  validates ratings information prior to rating release responds to inquiries regarding analytical and publishing matters requiring research  ( both company and outside inquiries )  .  this includes historical data ,  ratings confirmation ,  etc .  produces various reports  ( ad hoc requests ,  billing requests ,  etc )  in support of the business .  assists in the training of staff regarding core process and procedures .  collects key corporate and technical data ,  utilizing various systems  ( edgar ,  bloomberg ,  sdc )  for ratings research .  performs user acceptance testing ,  when necessary .  will work with it staff to help develop future processes and automation .  qualifications required  knowledge of ratings methodology and financial terms proficiency with working with relational databases ,  including reporting proficient in microsoft excel  knowledge of word ,  powerpoint and access a plus effective and proactive written and verbal communication skills the ability to be detail oriented the ability to work effectively in a team - oriented environment the ability to organize ,  meet deadlines and multitask provide other basic ad hoc data requests for management or the business units minimum of a bachelor s degree ,  preferably in accounting ,  finance ,  economics or mathematics minimum of 1 - 2 years work experience in related fields about standard & poor s ratings services and mcgraw hill financial be part of a $3 . 5 trillion team at standard & poor’s ratings services .  we’re looking for world - class thinkers to add to our team at standard & poor’s ratings services ,  the world’s leading provider of credit risk research ,  ratings and benchmarks .  at standard & poor’s ratings services ,  your opinion truly means everything .  we rate $3 . 5 trillion in new debt annually and investors rely on our independent ,  informed opinions on credit risk .  each person who works here has an essential role in standard & poor’s ratings services reputation of integrity ,  transparency ,  and ratings excellence .  with offices in 23 countries ,  standard & poor’s ratings services is an important part of the world s financial infrastructure and has played a leading role for 150 years in providing investors with information and independent benchmarks for their investment and financial decisions .  mcgraw hill financial includes standard & poor’s ratings services ,  s&p capital iq ,  s&p dow jones indices ,  j . d .  power ,  platts ,  and mcgraw hill construction .  together ,  we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets .  learn more at www . mhfi . com / careers mcgraw hill financial is an equal opportunity employer .  only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment .  for special accommodation due to disability ,  please email webmaster  - at -  mcgraw - hill . com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate individual .      
 description  benefits  supplemental questions  the san diego county regional airport authority currently seeks an assistant web master who is passionate and has specialized experience in the development ,  design ,  testing ,  implementation and maintenance of websites and intranets  uses graphic design and video development and editing skills to support business ,  operational and public service needs  and performs related duties as assigned .   examples of duties  1 .  supports the development ,  design and updating of content for all internal and external websites  designs ,  maintains and enhances the graphic elements of the site ( s )  to support content  writing ,  editing and graphic design ,  including airport and travel information ,  employment and business opportunities at the authority ,  press releases and announcements ,  faqs ,  and other current news ,  activities and events that support the authority as a whole .   2 .  assists in ensuring information displayed on the website is accurate ,  timely ,  visually friendly and easily accessible  works with internal and external stakeholders to update information  acts as back up to web master and identifies and maintains links to other websites to inform and assist the general public .   3 .  assists in monitoring web technology trends and innovations for application and implementation to the authority s website  acts as a secondary point of contact for internal requests to place new or updated information on the authority s website and intranet .  supports the webmaster with graphic design and video editing for all web - related graphics .   4 .  responds to internal customer inquiries ,  requests ,  and concerns relating to the internal and external websites and assists in graphic design and video development needs ,  as well as in disseminating a wide variety of information through the web .   minimum qualifications  a typical way of obtaining the knowledge ,  skills and abilities outlined above is graduation from a college or university with a major in web design ,  web development ,  marketing ,  public relations ,  communications or a closely related field  and at least one year of experience developing and supporting web content and graphic design .   licenses  certificates  special requirements  a valid class c california driver s license and the ability to maintain insurability under the authority s vehicle insurance program .   supplemental information  knowledge of   1 .  current and emerging internet / intranet technologies and associated products ,  tools and equipment .  2 .  principles ,  methods and techniques in website architecture and design .  3 .  computer generated graphics ,  image editing ,  publishing / printing and preflight .  4 .  graphic design techniques and industry standard applications .  5 .  web site usability and functionality ,  e . g .  navigational aids ,  knowledge management and information rendering .  6 .  methods and techniques for preparation of systems and customer documentation .  7 .  experience in html .  8 .  video development and editing skills .   ability to  1 .  design and update graphics for the authority s websites .  2 .  conceptualize and lead development of practical web - based solutions to meet departmental and customer requirements .  3 .  provide statistical reports on website usage and trends  recommend avenues for improvement and methods for implementation .  4 .  coordinate work effectively with other departments responsible for website content and presentation .  5 .  establish / maintain effective customer - focused relationships and communications with managers ,  departmental customers ,  employees ,  vendors ,  consultants and others encountered in the course of work .  6 .  communicate clearly and effectively ,  orally and in writing .  7 .  plan and conduct effective customer training when needed .  8 .  make sound ,  independent judgments within established guidelines .  9 .  prepare clear ,  concise and accurate systems documentation and reports of work performed .  10 .  troubleshoot and resolve website applications and network problems .  11 .  plan and complete projects efficiently and in accordance with authority quality standards .  12 .  perform business process analysis and reach sound ,  logical conclusions regarding customer needs and business requirements .  13 .  understand and apply the analysis of functional requirements to the development of systems proposals ,  specifications and recommendations for efficient ,  cost effective web technology solutions .      
 csu job listing detailsprintable versione - mail this listing campusnorthridgejob id 3449job titleinstructional support assistant appointment typeprobationarytime basefull - time date postedaugust 27 ,  2013 closing dateopen until filledlink to apply onlinehttp /  / www - admn . csun . edu / ohrs / employment / campus employment homepagehttp /  / www - admn . csun . edu / ohrs / descriptioninstructional support assistant  ( job id 3449 ) full - time family consumer sciencesabout the division the department of family & consumer sciences is inspired by the belief that a supportive ,  challenging learning environment is a foundation for the personal ,  intellectual and professional development of our students ,  faculty and staff .  family & consumer sciences  ( fcs )  encompasses the study of relationships among people and their personal environments ,  focusing on the impact of physical ,  biological ,  and social environments on human behavior and development .  major duties under general supervision ,  the instructional support assistant assists the faculty in the department of family and consumer sciences  ( fcs )  with the daily operations of the interior design and apparel laboratories and the interior design resource library  secures and maintains instructional and research needs / materials  provides maintenance and general repair of equipment  coordinates and oversees weekly open hours in labs  assists faculty ,  physical plant management  ( ppm )  and outside vendors to maintain equipment in good working order  provides training to faculty and assists the health and human development inventory personnel and asset management with inventory of interior design and apparel equipment  maintains the daily department laptop checkout schedule  monitors ,  assigns ,  and distributes copier codes to department personnel  serves as the webmaster for the fcs ,  didactic program in dietetics  ( dpd )  and dietetics internship  ( di )  websites  assists with general fcs web maintenance  serves as department photographer at fcs events for the purpose of updating website and for promotional publications  assists with the logistical coordination of accreditation site visits  maintains and arranges faculty and student identification scans for the department omni security system  serves as the department emergency contact  assists with the production ,  distribution ,  and display of materials required for accreditation ,  research presentations ,  and fashion shows  and performs other duties as assigned .  qualifications equivalent to two years of experience performing a variety of support services for an instructional program and involving such activities as preparing ,  producing ,  dispensing or storing materials ,  supplies ,  and equipment or equivalent to one year of experience in ordering ,  purchasing ,  accounting or in office work related to technical materials ,  supplies ,  or equipment or in an office which provided similar services to a technical function or unit may be substituted for six months of the experience or equivalent to two years of college with 16 semester units in courses involving extensive use of materials ,  supplies ,  or equipment and in a discipline in the specialty area to which assigned .  knowledge ,  skills and abilities knowledge of procedures and practices relating to providing support services  procedures and practices related to ordering and issue and inventory  materials ,  supplies and equipment .  ability to plan ,  organize ,  and follow schedules of activities  make equipment repair and adjustments  maintain records and project needs  count and perform arithmetic computations  read and write at a level suitable for professional performance on the job .  pay ,  benefits ,  & work schedule the university offers an excellent benefits package .  anticipated hiring range $3087  -  $3400 ,  dependent upon qualifications and experience .  general information the person holding this position is considered a  mandated reporter  under the california child abuse and neglect reporting act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in csu executive order 1083 as a condition of employment .  how to apply please complete the on - line application / resume upload submission process in order to be considered for any open position within the university and its auxiliaries .  the hiring department will contact the best qualified candidates and invite them to participate in the interview process . initial review begins september 10 ,  2013 ,  and will continue until position is filled .  for more detailed information on the application and hiring process ,  please view the link below http /  / www - admn . csun . edu / ohrs / employment /  equal employment opportunity the university is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race ,  religion ,  national origin ,  gender ,  gender identity ,  gender expression ,  sexual orientation ,  marital status ,  age ,  disability ,  genetic information ,  or veteran status .      
 standard & poor’s ratings services - public finance is hiring a clerical assistant to join our team in new york  primarily responsible for supporting the finance department with creating ,  sending ,  and tracking the receipt of engagement letters  monthly and quarterly reporting .  provides analysis of data and ensures all work practices ,  processes and procedures comply with policies in place .   •create ,  send and track the receipt of engagement letters for us public finance ratings using wfm - rpm ,  rdr ,  and excel .  •manage client communications regarding status of engagement letter acknowledgements  field and direct client inquiries to fee manager or issuer services as needed .  •monitor and research core data for quality control and surveillance revenue reporting .   assist with various us public finance ratings monthly reporting ,  ad - hoc reporting and analysis .  •serve as liaison between finance and asu to communicate corrections or updates on engagement letters or core date .  •support business units with annual revenue totaling $140mm .  •the incumbent must be able to act independently ,  exercise sound judgment ,  be forward - thinking and be creative with ideas & analysis to enhance current reporting ,  processes and procedures .   qualifications  required   •the incumbent must have a comprehensive knowledge of accounting and / or finance in order to support the financial operations of the group .  •must be able to communicate financial information ,  ideas ,  and opinions clearly and effectively .  •must be proactive ,  able to work unsupervised ,  demonstrate ability to meet tight deadlines and highly organized .  •excellent computer skills including high proficiency in the usage of excel ,  power point and word .  •undergraduate degree  ( accounting ,  finance preferred )  0 - 1 years of experience in related field .  •the incumbent must be able to identify ,  assess and address problems and be proactive in issue resolution .   examples   core and engagement letter errors .  •manage workload to meet multiple and often conflicting deadlines .   be able to prioritize tasks and organize time to complete assignments within the allotted time - frames .  •assess and escalate issues to the appropriate level of management .   about standard & poor s ratings services and mcgraw hill financial  be part of a $3 . 5 trillion team at standard & poor’s ratings services .   we’re looking for world - class thinkers to add to our team at standard & poor’s ratings services ,  the world’s leading provider of credit risk research ,  ratings and benchmarks .     at standard & poor’s ratings services ,  your opinion truly means everything .     we rate $3 . 5 trillion in new debt annually and investors rely on our independent ,  informed opinions on credit risk .     each person who works here has an essential role in standard & poor’s ratings services reputation of integrity ,  transparency ,  and ratings excellence .     with offices in 23 countries ,  standard & poor’s ratings services is an important part of the world s financial infrastructure and has played a leading role for 150 years in providing investors with information and independent benchmarks for their investment and financial decisions .   mcgraw hill financial includes standard & poor’s ratings services ,  s&p capital iq ,  s&p dow jones indices ,  j . d .  power ,  platts ,  and mcgraw hill construction .  together ,  we’re the foremost providers of essential intelligence for the capital and commodities markets .   learn more at www . mhfi . com / careers  mcgraw hill financial is an equal opportunity employer .  only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment .  for special accommodation due to disability ,  please email webmaster  - at -  mcgraw - hill . com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate individual .   schedule full - time  primary location us - ny - new york  administrative support  organization public finance  corporate brand s&p ratings services     
 position summary  the ste2m center seeks an experienced and highly professional staff assistant to work as the primary support for the center .  this individual will primarily assist the center director with administrative tasks ,  support daily office - wide operations including financial record - keeping ,  and assist the director when needed .  responsibilities  1 .  provide basic analytical and specialized administrative support of a non - routine ,  non - repetitive nature to relieve and assist the director ,  including analyzing problems ,  determining approaches ,  compiling and analyzing data ,  and preparing reports - recommendations for action by the director .  2 .  plan or assist with ste2m center events .  manage calendars ,  schedule and coordinate meetings ,  including the creation and dissemination of flyers and - or notices ,  prepare agendas ,  make room and catering arrangements ,  and assure appropriate technology is in place and functioning .  3 .  arrange travel including schedule hotel ,  auto and airfare reservations ,  and produce travel authorization and reimbursement forms through the usu banner system .  4 .  compose ,  prepare ,  edit and proofread complex documents ,  reports ,  and other correspondence .  gather ,  assemble ,  and analyze information and data from a wide variety of sources .  work with university webmaster to update and maintain websites for the ste2m center .  5 .  coordinate and facilitate communications related to special projects and programs that may include student ,  faculty ,  and broad campus unit involvement .  answer telephone calls and tactfully handle inquiries and - or refer to appropriate party .  review and answer mail and inquiries on own initiative and determine within established guidelines if executive action is required .  6 .  serve as administrative support to center collaborations to develop grant proposals ,  follow up on pending details ,  coordinate project team activities ,  and ensure deadlines are met .  7 .  manage office inventory of supplies and equipment  general office duties  general financial responsibilities  ( record - keeping  expense tracking  p - cards )   and general assistance to other staff assistants .  minimum qualifications  1 .  four years of office - related experience  or an associate s degree plus two years of experience  or a bachelor s degree  or a certificate of completion of business administrative support program plus two years of experience .  2 .  ability to work effectively in a fast - paced ,  demanding office .  3 .  strong computer skills ,  including experience with microsoft office ,  and experience with or willingness to learn basic webpage skills and page layout or design programs .  4 .  ability to manage multiple tasks in a timely and effective manner .  5 .  ability to work independently with limited supervision .  6 .  effective organization ,  communication and problem - solving skills .  7 .  ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality ,  sensitivity and discretion .  8 .  ability to effectively interact with office personnel to meet deadlines and prioritize workload appropriately .  9 .  good understanding of the english language ,  including spelling ,  grammar and letter writing  and excellent proofreading skills .  10 .  ability to communicate in a professional manner with the university community ,  senior members of administration ,  and university guests .  11 .  cultural sensitivity in interacting with all guests ,  dignitaries and faculty .  12 .  excellent interpersonal skills .  13 .  detail oriented .  14 .  ability to maintain a positive ,  task - oriented ,  and focused attitude while at work .  preferred qualifications  1 .  advanced skills using microsoft excel 2 .  knowledge of usu s banner ,  canvas and ezbuy systems 3 .  familiar with usu policies and procedures     
 10090br advertised position title software engineer intern  ( spring / summer 2014 )  division information systems work location va ,  herndon job description the itt exelis air traffic management  ( atm )  group is a recognized ,  vibrant ,  and growing organization providing unsurpassed engineering ,  management ,  operations ,  implementation ,  and information solutions for the federal aviation administration  ( faa )  .  we are in the forefront of the faa  s nextgen airspace modernization programs ,  helping the faa to achieve its technological transformation objectives .  this work includes modernizing from a ground - based system of air traffic control to a satellite - based system of air traffic management ,  improving communications between pilots and air traffic controllers enabling more efficient operations and reducing communications errors and radio congestion ,  and developing leading - edge concepts in all dimensions of air traffic control .  exelis atm is seeking software engineer summer 2014 interns to design and develop air traffic management systems for government and commercial customers .  our exciting and technically challenging projects include aircraft surveillance ,  air traffic control ,  and airport surface management systems for us and international air traffic control ,  airlines ,  and airports .  we offer opportunities to expand into systems engineering ,  proposal development ,  and management positions .  required experience    student must be entering their junior ,  senior year or a master s program   3 . 0 gpa or above   experience developing software in java ,  javascript ,  c c# ,  oracle or other databases .    coursework in one of the following areas   ( computer science ,  math ,  computer engineering ,  or electrical engineering   us citizenship is required desired skills    experience in javascript ,  c ,  sql ,  web services ,  gis ,  ui design ,  and mobile development preferred .    experience in designing systems from software requirements .    experience in airspace and orbital geometry   experience in systems engineering and other engineering disciplines ,  such as requirements analysis ,  test design and execution ,  systems configuration ,  integration and deployment .  clearance level required at start date sf85p percent of travel required n / a work status intern / co - op     
 the itt exelis air traffic management  ( atm )  group is a recognized ,  vibrant ,  and growing organization providing unsurpassed engineering ,  management ,  operations ,  implementation ,  and information solutions for the federal aviation administration  ( faa )  .  we are in the forefront of the faa s nextgen airspace modernization programs ,  helping the faa to achieve its technological transformation objectives .  this work includes modernizing from a ground - based system of air traffic control to a satellite - based system of air traffic management ,  improving communications between pilots and air traffic controllers enabling more efficient operations and reducing communications errors and radio congestion ,  and developing leading - edge concepts in all dimensions of air traffic control .   exelis atm is seeking software engineer summer 2014 interns to design and develop air traffic management systems for government and commercial customers .  our exciting and technically challenging projects include aircraft surveillance ,  air traffic control ,  and airport surface management systems for us and international air traffic control ,  airlines ,  and airports .  we offer opportunities to expand into systems engineering ,  proposal development ,  and management positions .         experience in javascript ,  c ,  sql ,  web services ,  gis ,  ui design ,  and mobile development preferred .    experience in designing systems from software requirements .    experience in airspace and orbital geometry   experience in systems engineering and other engineering disciplines ,  such as requirements analysis ,  test design and execution ,  systems configuration ,  integration and deployment .      
 what you’ll do team  the kabam distribution unit designs and develops platform solutions and tools for kabam’s first and third party games .  a few examples of these are  sdk & platform for mobile games ,  mobile applications ,  kabam rewards loyalty program and the kabam . com website .  day to day  you will be assigned a senior mentor who will get you up to speed quickly so that you can learn as much as possible and contribute to the success of the team .  kabam is an active environment where you will be treated as a team member and expected to contribute each day of your internship .  program during your internship you will participate in  orientation and welcome dinner personal project  ( assigned by mentor )  team building exercises career progression  interns who excel have the opportunity to continue working part - time during their senior year and or receive a full - time offer to join kabam after graduation .  requirements  must be an undergraduate finishing your junior or in your senior year or enrolled in a graduate program major / concentration in user experience design ,  interaction design ,  human computer interface ,  human factors or related field ability to solve complex ui design challenges as part of a multi - disciplinary team knowledge of uxd fundamentals and core set of tools that a ux designer needs familiar with current mobile design and web design patterns excellent communication and presentation skills as well as good self - confidence knowledge of front - end coding a huge plus  ( html ,  css ,  js )  what you’ll be learning  ab testing & user studies  -  setup ,  execute & analyze concept brainstorming wireframe & prototype iteration design & implementation reviews planning for and then proving the success of your designs benefits paid internship daily catered lunches free snacks ,  drinks ,  etc .  access to onsite ping - pong ,  foosball ,  and tons of video games .  relocation interns must be able to work in our san francisco office .  the intern is responsible for own relocation and housing .  timeline interviews – november  /  december offers – february 2014 start – june 2014 end – august 2014     
 junior web designer  mashable named weber shandwick a top 4 employer for social media professionals highlighting the firm’s creativity ,  knowledge and experience when it comes to helping clients in the social arena .  the pr news digital awards also named weber shandwick a digital firm of the year ,  winning more awards for its digital work than any other pr firm .   weber shandwick is a leading global public relations agency with offices in 74 countries around the world .  the firm’s success is built on its deep commitment to client service ,  our people ,  creativity ,  collaboration and harnessing the power of advocates  -  engaging stakeholders in new and creative ways to build brands and reputation .  our digital communications practice group helps clients understand ,  apply and benefit from social and emerging media in measurable ways .  the group consists of digital and social media specialists embedded in 34 offices around the world .  our pioneering digital work for clients has received the highest industry honors in both marketing and public relations categories .   weber shandwick’s digital team is looking for a junior web designer ,  to join our team in our new york city office .   you’ll work on major initiatives that support our fortune 500 clients and handle conceptual development and execution of social and interactive design solutions ,  and strategies .  you will work alongside a strong group of talented professionals .   requirements     ability to think creatively ,  conceptually and deliver solid ui designs   capable of working well within a fast paced ,  dynamic ,  and team oriented environment   must be enthusiastic and committed to staying on top of leading edge web design ,  mobile design & development trends   0 - 3 years experience in consumer web design and development  ( or relevant internship experience )    an expert in adobe photoshop and / or illustrator   knowledge of social media trends and best practices of digital content creation ,  distribution and syndication   basic understanding of css / html  ( ideally familiar with html5 and css3 )    bs / ba degree  ( multimedia ,  advertising ,  marketing or fine arts concentration preferred )   join a collaborative team of social and digital strategists ,  information architects ,  content developers ,  designers ,  and programming / production specialists .   we are a global agency that offers a fun ,  dynamic and creative place to work ,  competitive salary ,  health care  ( medical ,  dental and vision insurance )  ,  401k and the opportunity to learn and grow every day .   weber shandwick is an equal opportunity employer .  eeo / aa . m / f / d / v .      
 responsible for general production tasks ,  presentation materials ,  ui design ,  and website design and production .  essential duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to  creating designs ,  concepts ,  and sample layouts based on knowledge of layout principles and aesthetic design concepts producing press - ready files for printing ,  and reviewing and correcting proofs creating charts ,  graphs ,  illustrations ,  and other artwork using computer and / or traditional drawing techniques positioning information in computer programs to create layouts for clients or supervisors preparing illustrations or rough sketches of material ,  discussing them with clients and / or supervisors and making necessary changes studying illustrations and photographs to plan presentation of materials ,  products ,  or services other duties as assigned to meet business needs qualifications / requirements 3 years  experience in web and flash design bachelor s degree required in design - related discipline proficient - to - expert knowledge of  adobe creative suite ,  html and css thorough knowledge of wordpress excellent skills in design ,  with an eye for typography ,  palette development ,  spacing ,  intuitive layout ,  and user interfaces must have a portfolio with multiple examples of interactive design and artistic skills ability to multi - task and work efficiently under pressure with careful attention to detail must be self - directed team player able to communicate well ,  and have ability to juggle multiple projects ,  proactively solve problems ,  and deliver against tight deadlines in a fast - paced environment     
 title  ux engineer  ( jr )   -  us citizenship required  -  columbia ,  md location  usa - md  maryland - columbia job number  1300kq7 we are seeking a passionate user interface designer to join our growing ,  unique ,  user - centric development environment .  our ui designers create user interfaces that take advantage of the newest technologies as well as mobile devices and tablets .  if you desire fascinating work ,  seek to tackle the hardest of visual communication challenges ,  and are truly driven ,  we challenge you to apply .  here are some examples of our projects    big ,  data - analytical platforms that combine petabytes of data with advanced analytics .  our analytics range from advanced graph theory ,  predictive analysis ,  latent semantic index ,  to trend analysis and more .  we’re limited only by our ideas and understanding of how data can be combined to paint a picture of our world .  we then combine this advanced data - processing system with an insightful and intuitive user experience to deliver a full solution to our customer .    data - collection platforms that understand users’ work flows for specific activities and gather data throughout the work flow .  this technique ,  when combined with real - time alerting ,  enhances the user’s ability to make accurate and timely decisions .  as always ,  we give equal attention to the user experience to develop a complete system .    multi - player gaming systems used to train both tactical skill sets and strategic decision - making .  we combine some of the most advanced simulation engines in the industry with our applications and our understanding of the customer environment to build the most relevant training systems possible .  essential job functions   assists in the development of and conducts website usability test plans .  conducts tests ,  analyzes data ,  and writes reports .    recruits and screens usability test participants and maintains contact databases .    develops ,  prioritizes ,  and promotes design recommendations based on usability principles ,  testing ,  research ,  best practices ,  and other data .    conducts site visits ,  contextual inquiries ,  focus groups ,  and other research to identify ,  understand ,  and prioritize user needs and workflows .    assists with the test design throughout the developmental process .  qualifications  basic qualifications   bachelor  s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience   bachelor  s degree in human factors ,  interface design ,  or related field preferred   two or more years of usability experience   experience working with design / information architecture and test background   experience working with current usability research ,  theories ,  and methodologies   experience working with html and graphic design tools other qualifications   communication skills   organizational skills   analytical and problem solving skills   ability to pay close attention to detail   ability to work independently and as part of a team   ability to facilitate change   ability to teach ,  lead ,  and guide others welcomed skills    we prefer an associates or bachelor’s degree in ui design or web site design ,  but we understand that sometimes experience is the best teacher .    requires an active security clearance and / or the ability to attain a clearance .    fluent in html 4 and css .    fluent in adobe creative suite 5 .    ability to work on multiple tasks simultaneously and a desire to stay ahead - of - the - curve by learning new emerging technologies .    knowledge of javascript   knowledge of 508 compliance   knowledge of building apps and websites for mobile devices job  internet / interface     
 intern  -  applications engineer opportunities at vmware  as an intern at vmware ,  you will be challenged to create innovative solutions for our customers by solving complex problems in a team - focused environment .  if you are driven to imagine ,  define and deliver what’s next for the industry and your career while unlocking your full potential ,  come to vmware .  you will have the opportunity to grow in our flexible and dynamic environment ,  challenge your thinking ,  and influence the future of technology .  connect with us to learn how you can be a part of what’s next .   applications  ( both front end and back end )   engineers interested in algorithms ,  building distributed applications ,  apis and fault - tolerant computing use virtualization as a key technology to design and implement applications that solve real - world problems .  they work on developing scalable software capable of managing thousands of systems .  applications engineers work on distributed systems ,  user interface ,  performance engineering ,  sdk ,  security and dynamic applications .   in our applications group ,  you may have to opportunity to work first - hand within these areas   distributed systems applications engineers interested in algorithms ,  building distributed applications ,  apis and fault - tolerant computing use virtualization as a key technology to design and implement applications that solve real - world problems .   user interface engineers interested in ui design ,  human - computer interaction ,  distributed computing and web technology get to design and implement windows ,  linux ,  and web - based uis for using and managing real and virtual machines .  they also assist in designing and implementing windows ,  linux ,  and web - based uis .   performance engineering engineers interested in understanding the behavior of complex software ,  optimizing performance and characterizing applications get to analyze and improve the performance of key components of virtualization software for industry - standard computer systems .  engineers interested in performance management and diagnostic tools get to design and develop products to help customers manage the performance of their applications running in virtual machines .   sdks engineers interested in performance management and diagnostic tools get to design and develop products to help customers manage the performance of their applications running in virtual machines .   security engineers interested in computer security ,  intrusion detection systems ,  and encryption algorithms get to research and develop applications of virtual machine technology for computer security .   requirements   -  pursuing bachelors ,  masters degree or phd in computer science or equivalent  -  all intern candidates must be enrolled at an accredited four year university with plans to return to school upon completion of an internship opportunity  -  technically skilled in java ,  j2ee ,  javascript or c ,  c#  ,  c++  -  experience with object oriented programming in a multithreaded environment  -  experience developing in linux or windows  ( both desirable )   -  experience with firewalls ,  intrusion detection ,  or encryptions  vmware is continually hiring for applications engineer opportunities .   vmw2 location palo alto ,  ca ,  us is this a remote or multiple location position ?  no requisition number 45285br eeo statement vmware is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees .  equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees in personnel actions ,  which include  recruiting and hiring ,  selection for training ,  promotion ,  rates of pay or other compensation ,  transfer ,  discipline ,  demotion ,  layoff or termination .  vmware does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sexual orientation ,  marital status ,  pregnancy ,  gender identity ,  gender expression ,  family medical history or genetic information ,  citizenship ,  national origin or ancestry ,  sex ,  age ,  physical or mental disability ,  medical condition ,  veteran status ,  military status ,  or any other basis protected by federal ,  state or local law ,  ordinance or regulation .  vmware also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law .  further ,  it is the policy of vmware to maintain a working environment free of all forms of harassment .  note to applicant  please disable your pop - up blocker prior to clicking “apply”  nearest major market  san jose nearest secondary market  palo alto job segments  application engineering ,  intern ,  engineer ,  computer science ,  cloud ,  engineering ,  entry level ,  technology     
 growing online women s clothing store seeks experienced web blogger ,  social media assistant ,  copywriter .  we need someone who is experienced in creating content about women s sexy clothing ,  lingerie ,  fashion ,  latest trends related to our products .  we need a creative person who can create / organize social media content  blog posts ,  contests ,  tweets ,  posts ,  comments ,  website content etc .  you will be working directly on assignments with our marketing director .  requirements  + experience with blogging in fashion ,  clothing ,  shopping areas .  + able to generate new ideas and topics for articles .  + able to write new articles ,  comment on existing ones .  + able to find and communicate with other bloggers .  guest posting .  + able to generate and implement new ideas for social posts ,  tweets ,  contests etc .  + able to write press releases .  + excellent writing skills .  + basic graphic design skills .  + must have at least one well - established personal blog or professional blog .  + experience with wordpress and other blogging platforms is a plus .  + experience with facebook ,  google+ ,  twitter ,  youtube ,  pinterest and other social platforms .  + everyday availability ( during business days )  .  desired skills  copywriting sales writing business writing     
 you are cordially invited   zimmerman advertising ,  one of the nation’s top - ranking and largest full - service agencies in the southeast has built an office infrastructure to support the nature of retail business .  we are known for our   brandtailing   philosophy .  .  .  the science of enhancing brand image while pushing next day sales for our clients .   we have over 800 budget conscious ,  retail bleeding ,  merchandise loving ,  sofa sleeping ,  car driving ,  pizza eating ,  market activating ,  comp sales crazy ,  roi focused team members in many offices around the country !   the job  currently accepting resumes for a jr .  copywriter  the place  beautiful ,  sunny fort lauderdale ,  fl  the responsibilities   overall objective  to successfully create high - quality and effective advertising for agency clients .  working in tandem with a copywriter partner ,  the junior copywriter transforms compelling and imaginative concepts into visual reality .   day to day duties    produce excellent work for clients ,  both creatively as well as effectively ,  in multiple media types including ,  but not limited to ,  print ,  digital ,  outdoor ,  and collateral .    translate concepts to production - ready scripts and / or copy sheets .    maintain best practices for file and server management ,  including the consistent application of naming conventions ,  file / folder organization ,  versioning control ,  script details ,  and more .    maintain client brand guidelines and copy standards .    manage multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines .    process information supplied by clients and account services and translate into effective copy .    proofread all communications developed by the creative team and ensure information accuracy .    help the agency develop strong and positive relationships in the advertising and marketing community to aid in the recruitment of top talent .    possess a positive attitude when working with colleagues ,  associates ,  and clients .  be solutions - oriented ,  and supportive in finding solutions to unexpected challenges .    other duties as assigned .      
 disney professional internships  copywriter / concept internship  -  yellow shoes  company overview  since its opening in 1955 ,  the disneyland resort in anaheim ,  california has welcomed guests of all ages from around the globe .  the disneyland resort features two spectacular theme parks – disneyland  ( the original disney theme park )  and disney california adventure park – plus the downtown disney district comprised of unique dining ,  entertainment and shopping experiences .  the resort’s three hotels are the luxurious disney’s grand californian hotel & spa  the magical disneyland hotel and disney’s paradise pier hotel with its   day - at - the - beach   fun .   department overview  do you live for the big idea ?  are you endlessly curious ?  do you love to write ?  do you get excited about consumer insights and human truths ?  if so ,  we’d love to hear from you !  we’re disney yellow shoes ,  the award - winning ,  in - house creative group for disney theme parks and resorts .  every day ,  we have the good fortune to create compelling ,  memorable work for one of the greatest brands on the planet ,  and we’re looking for one very special ,  talented copywriter / concept intern to join us at our glendale ,  ca location .    as a copywriter / concept intern ,  you’ll get the chance to stretch your creative muscles on one of the greatest brands on the planet .  you’ll work closely with senior creative leadership and get the opportunity to strut your stuff on a broad range of mediums  broadcast ,  print ,  digital ,  out - of - home collateral and direct .   some of the things you’ll be doing ,  but not limited to will include     as a member of the yellow shoes creative team ,  you’ll create concepts for disney theme parks & resorts ,  disney cruise line ,  aulani and adventures by disney .     write for a wide variety of mediums – print ,  broadcast ,  digital ,  out - of - home ,  collateral and direct .     participate in ideation and strategy sessions along with senior creative leadership .     creative research – you’ll identify and share the latest trends in music ,  photography ,  illustration and new media .     assist in developing materials for creative / strategic presentations .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently enrolled as a junior ,  senior in a college / university working towards a bachelor’s degree advertising ,  design ,  english or a related field or have graduated within 6 months of the start date of the internship    proficiency in microsoft word    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    demonstrated strong organizational and time management skills    capable of thriving in a fast - paced ,  creative environment    an electronic online portfolio is required as part of this application process .  this portfolio must be included as a url link listed on your resume ,  any other portfolio submissions will not be considered .        basic knowledge and understanding of the walt disney company history including films ,  animation ,  television and theme parks .     prior work experience within an advertising agency or similar creative environment .   additional information internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u . s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or must have graduated from a u . s .  college / university within 6 months of the start date of the internship for which you are     
 our 10 - month paid training program will teach you the successful practical and managerial skills you need to be successful in sales .  upon successful completion you will be offered a leadership role in one of our many operating areas .  relocation will be provided upon success completion of our training program .   .  you can earn more than 50k in your first year ,  with many representatives earning $80 ,  and more .  we also offer competitive manager salaries and bonus plans to our successful graduates .  brief description shopperlocal ,  a fast - growing leader in grocery store advertising sales ,  offers hyper local ,  cost effective advertising solutions to businesses across the u . s .  we are looking for energetic ,  go - getters who want to build their career and knowledge as sales leaders with who can meet goals and create lasting connections with local businesses !  dynamic ,  one - call closers have the freedom to thrive with uncapped earnings with our salary plus commission plan .  our representatives receive paid training ,  and more .  description shopperlocal’s register tape advertising is one of the oldest ,  nationally recognized  ( roi )  in - store advertising products .  our outside sales representatives are trained to strive to create lasting advertising relationships with small to medium sized businesses locally and nationwide using print advertising .  with a rapidly expanding network and opportunities across the united states ,  we are looking for goal - driven sales leaders to join our management training program expanding our winning team of professionals !  are you looking for a challenge ?  do you want the recognition you deserve for the sales you produce ?  ready to work in a fun ,  energetic environment ?  then we’re ready for you !  what we offer · $20 , 000 salary plus aggressive commissions up to 30% · uncapped earning potential · protected territory – guarantees no other shopperlocal sales representatives in your area · full benefits package available · company phone and travel stipend · continuing ongoing sales management education · growth opportunities on a local and national level  high - energy ,  motivated sellers who crave challenge and the freedom to succeed are encouraged to apply !  shopperlocal ,  llc is an equal opportunity employer .  this company does not and will not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race ,  sex ,  age ,  handicap ,  religion ,  national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law .  hiring ,  transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items .      
 who we are  baublebar is building a unique retail destination for jewelry by addressing the unmet needs of both consumers and designers .  since launching in january 2011 ,  baublebar has resonated with consumers and tastemakers alike ,  having been picked up by a wide range of outlets from editorial wwd and vogue to popular us weekly and the today show to celebrities like rihanna and gwyneth paltrow .  we love color - blocking ,  tequila and the occasional afternoon dance party .  what we’re looking for  ideal candidates are entrepreneurially - minded self - starters with an editorial background and a demonstrated passion for the written words .  the baublebar team is comprised of individuals who thrive on finding intriguing solutions to ambiguous problems ,  possess the desire to dive in and learn in a fast - paced environment ,  and are considerate of one another .  interested candidates should work well in a flat organization ,  and excel at communicating with individuals across a diverse range of disciplines .  you should also love frozen yogurt – we eat a lot of it .  what we want you to do  manage written content across both digital and print assets .  responsible     
 regardless of college major or professional experience ,  nearly 100% of our full - time employees start out in our management training program .  this allows everyone to learn our business from the ground up and understand how they play a significant role in seeing it succeed .   once you ve completed your initial orientation and training ,  you ll be assigned to a branch office in your home area and the hands - on training begins .  you ll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes .  nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as management trainees .   during your first year ,  you will actively participate in everything from sales and marketing and customer service to operations and finance .  as you progress ,  you will be tested and evaluated to determine your proficiency in these areas .  successful completion of these tests and evaluations will result in rewards ,  pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions .   as you progress ,  increasingly more opportunities will become available to you .  you can choose ,  as most people do ,  to continue your rewarding ascent within our rental operations managerial track or you can explore one of many other exciting options including fleet management ,   human resources ,  car sales ,  accounting ,  marketing and more .    as a management trainee ,  you are empowered to make business decisions that greatly affect your career as well as the bottom line .  you ll gain responsibility for developing new business and maintaining current relationships .  you ll be responsible for understanding cost control ,  reading your branch s p&l statement and understanding what it takes to run a profitable business .  you will also learn how to deliver superior customer service .  we will teach you how to effectively communicate ,  influence and interact with all types of customers ,  vendors and co - workers .  you ll learn proper sales techniques to problem solving and conflict management .  those skills will provide you with the opportunity to market to local business partners and build solid ,  long - lasting relationships with key business decision - makers .  in your development to become a successful manager at enterprise ,  you ll learn how to mentor ,  train ,  develop ,  manage and promote a staff of your own .      associates degree required ,  bachelors degree preferred   minimum 6 months of experience in sales and customer service  ( with set goals or bonus potential )  or  ( in a retail ,  call center or restaurant environment )    will consider 1 year of leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  military ,  volunteerism ,  community service or in an organized athletic environment ,  in lieu of work experience .     must have a valid driver s license in with no more than 2 moving violations and / or at - fault accidents on driving record in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol - related conviction on driving record in the past 3 years  ( dui / dwi )  .    must be at least 18 years old .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .    must be available to work at our killeen ,  tx and temple ,  tx offices  ( if not currently living in the area must be relocating within 30 days )    must be available to work an average of 48 hours per week .    must be willing to accept first year compensation between $34 , 000 and $36 , 000     
 job responsibilities and requirements  do you want to gain web content copywriting experience with one of charlottes biggest retail giants .  company has an immediate need for a recent graduate looking to gain experience as a jr .  web content copywriter .  as the web content copywriter you will  write and edit descriptive copy for products sold on our clients website .  write ,  edit ,  proof ,  update and maintain effective sales generating promotional content for landing pages ,  promotional banners ,  email c  .  .  .      
 all employees are expected to perform their duties in alignment with the vision and values of the organization .  the person doing this job is responsible for a variety of tasks that lead to a high level of customer satisfaction in the most cost effective manner .  under the supervision of a case manager ,  this role works with the patient / family ,  multidisciplinary team and physicians ,  to optimize the process of patient s progress through the continuum of care  -  intervening and executing the discharge plan .  works in a collegial manner with physicians and other consultants to implement individualized discharge plans .  proactive in assuring the delivery of appropriate ,  effective ,  quality ,  safe discharge in a cost effective manner .  maintains availability as a resource to facilitate communication among providers and patient / family to remain involved in the discharge plan .  facilitates system / process improvements to reduce / remove barriers to discharge .  fully participates and promotes focused programs / projects of the care coordination department .  incorporates into daily activity ,  education of the multidisciplinary team regarding the case management program functions ,  goals ,  and outcomes .   qualifications   requires a minimum of one year of experience as a discharge planner or case manager assistant .   computer skills required .  high school diploma required .  knowledge of insurance coverage and / or discharge planning processes required .   requires knowledge of microsoft office word processing and other software .   excellent interpersonal communication ,  negotiation and conflict management skills  ( customer service focus )  .  current working knowledge of reimbursement  ( drg ,  medicare ,  medi - cal ,  managed care )  .  flexible ,  open - minded and adaptable to change .  strong organizational and time management skills ,  as evidenced by capacity to prioritize multiple tasks and role components .  ability to work independently and exercise and sound judgment in interactions with physicians ,  payers ,  and patients / families .  understanding of continuum of care ,  including pre - acute and post - acute venues of care and community resources .  able to work with people of all social ,  economics ,  and cultural backgrounds .  ability to make routine decisions that usually have a limited number of solutions .  ability to exercise judgment in selection of the order of work assignments to meet clearly established schedules .  unusual cases or schedule changes are often referred to the immediate supervisor for resolution .   about us  we re california hospital medical center  ( chmc )  ,  a not - for - profit ,  319 - bed acute and ambulatory care hospital that provides services to the dynamic community of downtown los angeles and its surrounding neighborhoods .  with a 120 - year history of healing ,  our vision is a growing and diversified health care ministry distinguished by excellent quality and committed to expanding access to those in need .   the hospital is part of dignity health ,  one of the largest healthcare systems in the west with 40+ hospitals in arizona ,  california and nevada .  our mission ,  vision and values were all formed out of the recognition of the inherent dignity of each person .  it also represents our commitment to delivering excellent medical care to all ,  to advocating on behalf of the poor ,  and to partnering with others to improve the quality of life .   our outstanding benefits package includes 100% employer paid medical benefits for you and your family ,  including domestic partners .  also included are a 403  ( b )  plan with company match ,  tuition reimbursement and comprehensive dental and vision plans .   .   located blocks from staples center and la live ,  california hospital is walking distance from the metro blue line and employee parking is complimentary .  the hospital also sponsors shuttle service to and from union station .  to find out more ,  go to www . chmcla . org .  eoe .   organization   california hospital med center  primary location   california - southern california service area - los angeles - california hospital medical ctr  work locations   california hospital medical ctr  1401 south grand ave  los angeles 90015  hours per pay period   80  shift   day  employment type   full time  work schedule   8hour  number of openings   1  area of interest   case management  /  utilization review     
 disney professional internships  management internship  -  food & beverage  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .  responsibilities  management interns lead with a positive attitude and demonstrate commitment to cast members .  recognize and hold cast members accountable for delivering excellence in safety ,  courtesy ,  show and efficiency in a specific area of responsibility .  responsible for ensuring an environment where guest and cast safety is the first filter in operational decision making .  operating areas include  quick service restaurants ,  table service restaurants and outdoor vending .   food & beverage management interns serve as the manager on the floor orchestrating the operation while guests are present and ensure exceptional food quality and presentation .  responsible for multiple venues and styles of service .  ensure operational compliance to food preparation ,  food safety and loss prevention standards as well as adherence to applicable government health regulations .  maintain strong attention to detail ,  exhibit professional excellence and drive optimal performance through table touching ,  guest interaction and cast member engagement .  possess knowledge to engage with guests on special dietary and vegetarian needs including food allergies .  responsible to understand daily reports on revenues ,  financial performance and dining room flow .     expected to spend up to 80% of each day working in the operating area and interfacing   communicate and interfaces with guests ,  front - line cast members ,  partners ,  vendors ,  leaders and peers in other lines of business as a point - of - contact for day - to - day operations .     empowered to make day - to - day operational decisions in line with guest ,  cast and financial expectations .     monitor daily staffing levels and anticipate shift coverage needs .     maintain current training proficiencies in all aspects of the operating area .     conduct daily pre - shift meetings to communicate relevant guest ,  cast or business information .     responsible to monitor cast member performance and to inspire ,  recognize and coach front - line cast members .     coach and develop cast members from different cultures ,  backgrounds and styles .   basic qualifications  these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     minimum 6 months food and beverage experience    minimum one year leadership experience    proven knowledge of financial aspects of an operation  ( budget ,  revenue ,  labor )     demonstrated ability to coach and develop a diverse cast    possess knowledge of the industry and a passion for delivering an outstanding service experience .     demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    demonstrated strong organizational skills with attention to detail    demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills    proven ability to function effectively in a team environment    demonstrated strong multi - tasking and time management skills    demonstrated follow - through skills    demonstrated strong interpersonal skills    demonstrated strong computer proficiency within a windows environment    ability to be flexible with work schedule ,  including weekends ,  variable shifts and holidays  preferred qualifications  these are the preferred qualifications you need to be considered for this position     prior participation in the disney college program    minimum one year leadership experience    proven knowledge and understanding of walt disney world policies and procedures    proven knowledge of wines and spirits    demonstrated bilingual skills  required education  required materials     must be enrolled in a u . s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    resume  ( outlining all of your required   management interns lead with a positive attitude and demonstrate commitment to cast members .  recognize and hold cast members accountable for delivering excellence in safety ,  courtesy ,  show and efficiency in a specific area of responsibility .  responsible for ensuring an environment where guest and cast safety is the first filter in operational decision making .  operating areas include  quick service restaurants ,  table service restaurants and outdoor vending .   food & beverage management interns serve as the manager on the floor orchestrating the operation while guests are present and ensure exceptional food quality and presentation .  responsible for multiple venues and styles of service .  ensure operational compliance to food preparation ,  food safety and loss prevention standards as well as adherence to applicable government health regulations .  maintain strong attention to detail ,  exhibit professional excellence and drive optimal performance through table touching ,  guest interaction and cast member engagement .  possess knowledge to engage with guests on special dietary and vegetarian needs including food allergies .  responsible to understand daily reports on revenues ,  financial performance and dining room flow .     expected to spend up to 80% of each day working in the operating area and interfacing   communicate and interfaces with guests ,  front - line cast members ,  partners ,  vendors ,  leaders and peers in other lines of business as a point - of - contact for day - to - day operations .     empowered to make day - to - day operational decisions in line with guest ,  cast and financial expectations .     monitor daily staffing levels and anticipate shift coverage needs .     maintain current training proficiencies in all aspects of the operating area .     conduct daily pre - shift meetings to communicate relevant guest ,  cast or business information .     responsible to monitor cast member performance and to inspire ,  recognize and coach front - line cast members .     coach and develop cast members from different cultures ,  backgrounds and styles .   basic qualifications  these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     minimum 6 months food and beverage experience    minimum one year leadership experience    proven knowledge of financial aspects of an operation  ( budget ,  revenue ,  labor )     demonstrated ability to coach and develop a diverse cast    possess knowledge of the industry and a passion for delivering an outstanding service experience .     demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    demonstrated strong organizational skills with attention to detail    demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills    proven ability to function effectively in a team environment    demonstrated strong multi - tasking and time management skills    demonstrated follow - through skills    demonstrated strong interpersonal skills    demonstrated strong computer proficiency within a windows environment    ability to be flexible with work schedule ,  including weekends ,  variable shifts and holidays  preferred qualifications  these are the preferred qualifications you need to be considered for this position     prior participation in the disney college program    minimum one year leadership experience    proven knowledge and understanding of walt disney world policies and procedures    proven knowledge of wines and spirits    demonstrated bilingual skills  required education  required materials     must be enrolled in a u . s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    resume  ( outlining all of your required qualifications )     college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   to upload these documents     log into your dashboard at www . disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled “upload resumé”    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_type  ( i . e .  mickey_mouse_transcripts   select document type of “other”   s  these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     minimum 6 months food and beverage experience    minimum one year leadership experience    proven knowledge of financial aspects of an operation  ( budget ,  revenue ,  labor )     demonstrated ability to coach and develop a diverse cast    possess knowledge of the industry and a passion for delivering an outstanding service experience .     demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    demonstrated strong organizational skills with attention to detail    demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills    proven ability to function effectively in a team environment    demonstrated strong multi - tasking and time management skills    demonstrated follow - through skills    demonstrated strong interpersonal skills    demonstrated strong computer proficiency within a windows environment    ability to be flexible with work schedule ,  including weekends ,  variable shifts and holidays   you need to be considered for this position     prior participation in the disney college program    minimum one year leadership experience    proven knowledge and understanding of walt disney world policies and procedures    proven knowledge of wines and spirits    demonstrated bilingual skills  required education  required materials     must be enrolled in a u . s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    resume  ( outlining all of your required qualifications )     college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   to upload these documents     log into your dashboard at www . disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled “upload resumé”    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_type  ( i . e .  mickey_mouse_transcripts   select document type of “other”  job posting industries  leisure and travel        must be at least 18 years of age    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )     demonstrated ability to effectively deal with conflict    demonstrated passion to drive exceptional guest and cast experience    demonstrated commitment to cast member development    demonstrated ability to manage an operation and teach it to others  program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   application deadline  the deadline to apply for this internship is september 19 ,  2013 .   attention international students  if you are currently studying in the united states on an f - 1 or j - 1 visa and do not have a social security number ,  please contact our office at 407 - 828 - 1736 prior to applying .   recommendation – print this role description  strong candidates may be invited to complete a phone interview which must be completed by september 26 ,  2013 .  we strongly encourage applicants to print a copy of this role description so they can refer to it in the event they are selected for a phone interview .  note that this role description will not be accessible once the posting is closed on september 19 ,  2013 .   internship program type  management internship     
 immediate need for strong conceptual art directors and writers to work on a consumer - like b2b account .  look forward to working with a willing client ,  having nice budgets ,  and exotic travel .  the account will involve print ,  digital ,  video ,  and more .  functioning as a team with an assistant art director ,  the junior copywriter is responsible for developing executions of approved creative concepts and may assist senior creative team members .   works with assistant art director to develop print ,  tv and radio presentations and executions  presents layouts and storyboards to creative director for approval  may present layouts and storyboards to client for approval  keeps abreast of trends ,  talent ,  competitive advertising and target mindset  may assist senior creative team members  attends shoots and sessions under the supervision of senior creative team members  contributes to new business pitches  bachelor’s degree or equivalent preferred  one year experience or advertising school degree required mrm /  / mccann is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race ,  color ,  gender ,  religion ,  age ,  sexual orientation ,  national or ethnic origin ,  disability ,  marital status ,  veteran status ,  or any other occupationally irrelevant criteria .      
 roll global llc is a $3 billion international company focused on healthy brands for healthy lifestyles .  our products include fresh fruit and tree nuts  floral delivery  and premium beverages such as artesian water ,  california wine and pure pomegranate juices and teas .  over the last phenomenon ,  fiji water into the country’s no .  1 imported bottled water and wonderful pistachios into one of america’s top - selling snack nut .  our diverse holdings make us the world’s largest grower of tree crops as well as the world’s largest flower delivery service .  as a privately held company ,  we don’t respond to restless shareholders or the whims of the stock market .  our decisions are driven by the long - term health of our businesses ,  our customers ,  our employees and our planet .  to learn more about the roll brands ,  visit www . roll . com .   want to work at a fast - paced creative agency and develop awesome interactive work for iconic brands ?  clients like  wonderful pistachios ,  fiji water ,  teleflora and pom wonderful ?  you do ?  excellent !  then we’ve got the perfect opportunity for you .   fire station agency’s digital team is looking to join forces with some exceptional creative interns to produce engaging experiences on mobile ,  social and web platforms .   tasks at hand     aid and abet the creatives in their daily projects   create branded social media posts   lay out and design websites   conceptualize digital campaigns for all brands  additional reasons to join us     money !  this is a paid internship and a great way to get your foot in the door .    published work !  build your portfolio with lots of content that you helped make and get published .    people !  spend your days with folks you’ll enjoy .  people lacking in ego ,  but filled with inspiration .      
 description  at gallagher bassett services ,  inc .  we are constantly seeking skilled professionals who are up for a challenge and take exceptional performance to heart .  the professionals we hire help us maintain our reputation as one of the most progressive property / casualty third party claims service organizations in our industry and throughout the world .  gallager bassett services ,  inc .   ( gb )  provides services to fortune 1000 companies throughout 100 offices worldwide .  for the past several years gb has ranked among the largest tpa s by business insurance magazine and was also a recipient of the business insurance readers  choice award for   best third party claims administrator .    if you re looking for a professional career with an industry leader then you have come to the right place .  wherever your interests lie ,  we re sure you will agree on one thing  our continued prosperity hinges on our greatest resource  -  -  -  our people .   position summary   as a technical assistant in claims management ,  you will assist branch and area managers and supervisors in the overall branch workflows ,  including  -  but not limited to  -  the following duties     general office duties and clerical responsibilities including answering telephones ,  filing ,  mail processing ,    creating letters ,  memos ,  envelopes ,  reports ,  and certificates of insurance   taking dictation as requested   reviewing forms for accuracy and completeness   perform more advanced clerical functions related to the pc and various computer applications ,  including macro development ,  creating document templates ,  etc .    participate in special projects as assigned  additional considerations       qualifications  required     high school education or equivalent   ability to use ms office applications ,  particularly word and excel  desired     prior experience in a professional office environment   some advanced training or education related to business and office services ,  technologies ,  etc .    knowledge of a variety of business office and administrative processes   familiar with prx / voice mail systems   multilingual  work traits     ability to interact professionally with all levels of office / technical staff ,  management and clients   solid verbal and written communication ,  reading and analytical skills .    good communications skills   solid math and vocabulary skills  u . s .  eligibility requirements     interested candidates must submit an application and resume / cv online to be considered   must be 18 years of age or older   must be willing to submit to a background investigation  any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation   must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the united states .  for u . s .  employment opportunities ,  gallagher hires u . s .  citizens ,  permanent residents ,  asylees ,  refugees ,  and temporary residents .  temporary residence does not include those with non - immigrant work authorization  ( f ,  j ,  h or l visas )  ,  such as students in practical training status .  exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill .  gallagher will require proof of work authorization   must be willing to execute gallagher’s employee agreement or confidentiality and non - disclosure agreement which requires ,  among other things ,  post - employment obligations relating to non - solicitation ,  confidentiality and non - disclosure  gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits ,  including  medical / dental / vision plans ,  life and accident insurance ,  401 ( k )  ,  employee stock purchase plan ,  educational expense reimbursement ,  employee assistance program ,  flexible work hours  ( availability varies by office and job function )  training programs ,  matching gift program ,  and more .   gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  age ,  veteran status ,  disability ,  national origin ,  or any other legally protected status .  equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer - employee relationship ,  including ,  but not limited to ,  recruitment ,  hiring ,  training ,  promotion ,  transfer ,  demotion ,  compensation ,  benefits ,  layoff ,  and termination .  in addition ,  gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability ,  unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business .      
 assistant buyer / web copywriter palatine ,  il as a member of our e - commerce merchandise team ,  you will play a pivotal role in writing fun ,  clear ,  detailed ,  and precise product specific copy for a wide assortment of merchandise ,  while also driving the growth of the business through the development and launch of new products .  a creative spirit is strongly desired to help drive innovation and creativity within our products and websites .  key responsibilities   • provide operational support and assist in the procurement of merchandise to drive overall company sales ,  volume ,  gross margin and turnover objectives • provide general administrative support to the buying team • resolve issues involving product titles ,  descriptions ,  upcs ,  or pricing • work with vendors to establish relationships and obtain product information • responsible for accurate and timely set up and activation of products within our new erp system • aggressively work to understand product and material composition • write consistent copy within a multitude of categories  ( i . e .  toys and games ,  children’s and adult apparel and accessories ,  home decor ,  giftware ,  etc .  )      
 vacancy identification number  ( vin )  881735  our mission  to fulfill president lincoln s promise –   to care for him who shall have borne the battle ,  and for his widow ,  and his orphan   – by serving and honoring the men and women who are america s veterans .   as a va professional ,  your opportunities are endless .  with many openings in the multiple functions of va ,  you will have a wide range of opportunities and leadership positions at your fingertips .  not only is it the largest ,  most technologically advanced integrated health care system in the nation ,  but we also provide many other services to veterans through the benefits administration and national cemeteries .  va professionals feel good about their careers and their ability to balance work and home life .  va offers generous paid time off and a variety of predictable and flexible scheduling opportunities .   for more information on the department of veterans affairs ,  go to http  /  / www . vacareers . va . gov /   note   applicant s education and length of practice  ( experience )  will be considered by a professional standards board in determining the grade and salary of the applicant selected .   va encourages persons with disabilities to apply .   the health related positions in va are covered by title 38 ,  and are not covered by the schedule a excepted appointment authority .   relocation expenses  relocation expenses are not authorized for this position .   complete application packages received by may 14 ,  2013 will receive first consideration .   if a selection is not made ,  complete application packages will then be referred for consideration every two weeks .    back to top  the wjb dorn va medical center is currently recruiting for a physician assistant for the pain clinic of the physical medicine & rehabilitation service .   the primary role for the physician assistant will be within the outpatient interdisciplinary pain program .   however ,  other duties will be performed as assigned within the pain center .   the physician assistant for pain management provides an assessment ,  treatment and / or referral service for veterans for modulation of pain .   in addition ,  provides education and / or training for patients ,  families ,  residents and staff .   responsibilities include activities ,  considered to be usual medical practice and selected expanded functions as defined in approved protocols .   the physician assistant is responsible to the supervisory physician of the pain medicine section and accountable clinically to the supervising physicians .   tour of duty  monday - friday ,  0800 - 1630     must pass pre - employment examination .    designated and / or random drug testing required .    background and / or security investigation required .    must be proficient in written and spoken english   back to top  basic requirements   1 )  citizenship .   citizen of the united states .  2 )  education or training .   the candidate must meet one of the following   ( 1 )   a bachelor’s degree from a pa training program which is certified by the accreditation review commission on education of the physician assistant  ( arc - pa )   or  ( 2 )   graduation from a pa training program of at least 12 months duration which is certified by the arc - pa and a bachelor’s degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science  or  ( 3 )   graduation from a pa training program of at least 12 months duration which is certified by the arc - pa and a period of progressively responsible health care experience such as an independent duty medical corpsman ,  licensed practical nurse ,  registered nurse ,  medical technologist ,  or medical technician .   the duration of approved academic training and health care experience must total at least 5 years .   3 )  certification .   as of  march 12 ,  1993 ,  certification by the national commission on certification of physician’s assistants  ( nccpa )  is a requirement for employment .   this requirement does not apply to non - certified pas on va rolls as of that date .  4 )  physical standards .   individuals tentatively selected must pass a pre - employment physical which may include a drug screen .  5 )  english language proficiency .   pas appointed to direct patient - care positions must be proficient in spoken and written english as required by 38 u . s . c .  7402 ( d )  ,  and 7407 ( d )  .   grade requirements .   in addition to the basic requirements stated above ,  the following qualifications criteria must be met in determining the appropriate grade assignment of candidates .  associate grade  ( vn - 8 )  .   none beyond basic requirements .  full grade  ( vn - 9 )  .   completion of one of the following requirements   ( 1 )   successful practice as a pa which demonstrates the abilities in subparagraphs  ( a )  and  ( b )  below .   generally ,  individuals meeting the education requirements in paragraph 2c of section a can demonstrate these skills after approximately 2 years of practice as a pa .   the complexity of diagnostic and therapeutic procedures which the candidate is capable of performing ,  as a result of experience as a pa ,  have expanded significantly beyond those required of employees meeting the minimum requirements for entry into the occupation .   ( a )   ability to work effectively with patients ,  families or significant others ,  with professional and supportive personnel who provide patient care ,  and with members of other services  and  ( b )   ability to provide effective care to patients  i . e .  assesses ,  plans ,  implements ,  documents ,  evaluates patient care  manages care for assigned patients  initiates effective actions in emergencies  or  ( 2 )   a bachelor’s degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa and practice as a pa which demonstrates abilities such as those described in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  individuals attaining the education level specified in this subparagraph can demonstrate the abilities described in subparagraphs  ( a )  and  ( b )  above after approximately 1 year of practice as a pa  or  ( 3 )   master’s degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science and a baccalaureate degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa  or  ( 4 )   master’s degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa .  intermediate grade  ( vn - 11 )  .   completion of requirements in one of the following paragraphs   ( 1 )   pa practice characterized by leadership in improving patient care  demonstrated ability to work effectively with others  and proficiency in one of the following four groups of behaviors  ( subparagraphs  ( a )  ,   ( b )  ,   ( c )  ,  or  ( d )  below )  .   the pa is able to perform more complex diagnostic and therapeutic procedures than pas at full grade and seeks guidance from the supervising physician less frequently than pas at lower grade levels and more readily identifies complex patient care situations where referral to the supervising physician is required .   generally ,  individuals meeting the education requirements in section a of this appendix can successfully demonstrate one of these groups of behaviors after approximately 4 years of practice .   ( a )   clinical skills .   uses sound judgment in assessing ,  planning ,  implementing ,  documenting and evaluating patient care  applies current concepts and findings from research and / or studies to practice  shares clinical expertise with professional and supportive personnel  accurately documents and reports care  identifies ,  analyzes and resolves patient care problems whose resolution results in the significant improvement of care to patients  demonstrates such expertise in patient care so as to be recognized by others .   ( b )   managerial skills .   assesses ,  plans ,  implements and evaluates the delivery of patient care  applies current concepts and findings from research and / or studies to practice  uses sound judgment in making decisions  is timely and accurate in corresponding and reporting  analyzes and resolves problems that impede the delivery of patient care and services .   ( c )   instructional skills .   assesses ,  plans ,  implements ,  documents and evaluates educational activities  applies current concepts and findings from research and / or studies to practice  uses effective and creative teaching methods  encourages active participation of learners in meeting their own needs .   ( d )   research skills .   under supervisory guidance of the managing physician ,  accepts professional responsibility for a scientific investigation expected to result in a publishable addition to scientific knowledge  resolves problems ordinarily entailed in the accomplishment of a project  interprets findings  prepares reports and papers  or  ( 2 )   a bachelor’s degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa and practice as a pa which demonstrates behaviors such as those described in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education in this paragraph can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 3 years of practice as a pa  or  ( 3 )   master’s degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science and a baccalaureate degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa  and practice as a pa which demonstrates behaviors such as those described in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education described in this paragraph can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 2 years of practice as a pa  or  ( 4 )   master’s degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa  and practice as a pa which demonstrates behaviors such as those described in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education described in this paragraph can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 2 years of practice as a pa  or  ( 5 )   doctoral degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science and a baccalaureate or masters degree from a pa training program which is certified by the arc - pa .  senior grade  ( vn - 12 )  .   completion of the requirements in one of the following paragraphs   ( 1 )   practice as a pa which demonstrates the behaviors described below .   generally ,  individuals with the education in section a of this appendix can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 6 years of practice as a pa .   ( a )   working effectively with others on a consistent basis and establishing relationships with professional and / or other health care related groups in the community ,  and  ( b )   significant and sustained contributions to the pa profession which may include publication or publishable works ,  membership on task forces ,  intramural or extramural committees ,  consulting ,  development of educational media ,  scientific inquiry ,  or use of creative approaches to enhance quality of patient care and productivity of providers ,  and  ( c )   practice as a pa characterized by leadership and accomplishments in developing and implementing programs to improve the delivery of patient care ,  and by proficiency in one of the following areas  1 .   clinical practice .   systematically evaluates current clinical practice  initiates change in clinical practice based on current concepts and findings from research and / or studies  demonstrates such expertise in patient care that advice is sought by others .   pas involved in surgical procedures perform as first or second assistant to the surgeon in charge .   assesses ,  plans ,  implements and evaluates patient care programs  2 .   administration .   initiates changes in the system for delivering patient care based on current concepts and findings from research and / or studies  uses sound judgment in making decisions  manages staff  develops staff for patient care leadership assignments .  3 .   education .   assesses ,  plans ,  implements ,  coordinates and evaluates educational programs and activities  initiates change in education programs based on current concepts and findings from research and / or studies  teaches effectively and creatively  provides guidance to others involved in the delivery of the education program .  4 .   research .   demonstrates thorough grounding in research methodology  designs and conducts scientific inquiry  promotes and assists others in the application of findings from research and / or studies  guides and directs others in research activity  contributes through conducting scientifically meritorious inquiry and publishable findings  or  ( 2 )   a bachelor’s degree from a pa training program certified by the caahp  and successful practice as a pa which demonstrates behaviors such as those in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education in this paragraph can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 5 years of practice as a pa  or  ( 3 )   master’s degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science and a bachelor’s degree from a pa training program certified by the caahp  and successful practice as a pa which demonstrates the behaviors such as those in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education in this paragraph can demonstrate these after approximately 4 years of practice as a pa  or  ( 4 )   master’s degree from a pa training program certified by the caahp  and successful practice as a pa which demonstrates the behaviors such as those in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education described in this paragraph can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 4 years of practice as a pa  or  ( 5 )   doctoral degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science and a bachelor’s or masters degree from a pa training program certified by the caahp  and successful practice as a pa which demonstrates the behaviors such as those in paragraph  ( 1 )  above .   generally ,  an individual with the education in this paragraph can demonstrate these behaviors after approximately 2 years of practice as a pa .  chief grade  ( vn - 13 )  .   ( 1 )  general .   chief grade is restricted to selected leadership positions .   the individual’s qualifications as well as the scope and complexity of the assignment are considered .   ( 2 )   education .   the preferred minimum education for this grade is a master’s degree from a pa training program certified by the arc - pa or a master’s degree in a health care occupation or a health - related science and a baccalaureate degree from a pa training program certified by the arc - pa .   however ,  experience as a pa may be substituted for the master’s degree where the individual has an equivalent knowledge of the profession and has successfully undertaken difficult or complex clinical ,  administrative ,  research and / or educational assignments which have required an unusual degree of leadership and competence .   ( 3 )   experience .   professional practice characterized by progressively more responsible leadership assignments in clinical ,  administrative ,  educational and / or research areas .   an individual can demonstrate these abilities after approximately 8 years of practice as a pa .   practice must have consistently demonstrated all of the following behaviors  ( if applicable to the assignment )    ( a )   establishes and maintains relationships within the service ,  with facility management and other services that result in improved patient care .   ( b )   accepts substantial and continuing responsibility and accountability for planning ,  organizing ,  coordinating and controlling a complex integrated health care program .   ( c )   makes decisions which serve to enhance the distinctive and contributory role of pas within the local institution and the total health care system .   ( d )   participates in long range program planning and model development for effective delivery of health services .   ( e )   facilitates the delivery of patient care in collaboration with health professionals ,  health managers and other health care personnel .   ( f )   assures implementation ,  maintenance and compliance with standards of professional practice of all health care personnel within the program .   ( 4 )   scope and complexity of assignment  ( a )   pa assignments .   examples of assignments which may justify chief grade include coordinators or others in leadership roles in such areas as quality assurance ,  ambulatory care ,  nursing home care ,  domiciliary ,  cardiac catheterization ,  organ transplant ,  surgery ,  or spinal cord injury .   these assignments are typically located in settings requiring extensive coordination with a wide variety of specialties / subspecialties and other special programs .   the complexity of the assignment must also be such that leadership and an exceptional degree of competence are required .   ( b )   complexity determinations .   factors to be considered in evaluating the scope and complexity of an assignment in one or more of the following areas are as follows  1 .   clinical practice a .   systematically evaluates patient care program  and b .   exhibits leadership in initiating changes in patient care programs based on current concepts and findings from research and / or studies  and ,  c .   successfully integrates the activities of the employee’s assignment with other patient care programs at the facility and with similar programs on a broader geographic basis  and d .   consistently demonstrates expertise in diagnosing and treating seriously ill multi - symptomatic patients .  2 .   administrative assignments a .   plans ,  organizes ,  coordinates ,  controls and evaluates complex medical programs ,  including follow - up actions required by internal and external review organizations and / or accrediting bodies  and b .   participates in executive - level decision - making deliberations  and c .   performs a full range of administrative duties .  3 .   educational assignments a .   develops and implements broad education and training programs involving a variety of specialties in widely diversified activities  and b .   provides personnel with the vital link between education and practice  and c .   coordinates and maintains close relationships with affiliated schools ,  professional organizations ,  certifying bodies ,  and program directors of students of the pa program and other disciplines who rotate through the medical facility  and d .   serves on education and training committees ,  advisory groups ,  and special task forces concerned with managing education and career development activities .  4 .   research assignments a .   conducts merit - reviewed ,  approved research projects  performs independent research ,  serves as a primary contributing member of a research team or serves as co - chair of a research committee  formulates research proposals and protocol submissions to central office for merit review  and develops publishable material for appropriate professional journals or speaks to peer groups  or b .   effectively researches problems of major scope  directs independent research of considerable interest and value ,  where the research contribution is highly productive and of such quality and originality as to have marked the pa as a significant contributor to advances in patient care and services .   in describing your experience ,  please be clear and specific .  we may not make assumptions regarding your experience .   reference   va handbook 5005 ,  part ii ,  appendix g8 ,  physician assistant qualification standard .   please note   education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the u . s .  department of education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications  ( particularly positions with a positive education requirement .  )   therefore ,  applicants must report only attendance and / or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the u . s .  department of education .   applicants can verify accreditation at the following website  http  /  / www . ed . gov .  .  .  .   physical requirements   position requires moderate lifting  ( 15 - 44 )  pounds  pulling ,  pushing ,  reaching over shoulder  walking ,  standing  kneeling  bending .   near vision correctable to 13” to 16” to jaeger 1 to 4  far vision correctable in one eye to 20 / 50 and to 20 / 100 in the other  ability to distinguish basic colors  hearing  ( aid permitted )   mental and emotional stability required .   veterans  preference  when applying for federal jobs ,  eligible veterans should claim preference on the occupational questionnaire in the section provided and provide a legible copy of your dd214 ( s )  and / or documentation related to your active duty service which shows dates of service ,  character of service  ( honorable ,  general ,  etc .  )  ,  or dates of impending separation .   additionally ,  disabled veterans and others eligible for 10 - point preference  ( such as widows or mothers of eligible veterans )  must also submit an sf - 15   application for 10 point veterans preference   with required proof as stated on the form .   for more information ,  please review the information for disabled veterans in the application checklist or visit http  /  / www . fedshirevets . gov / job / vetpref / index . aspx .   how you will be evaluated   your application ,  resume and / or supporting documentation will be verified .   please follow all instructions carefully .   errors or omissions may affect consideration for employment .      
 about momentum worldwide momentum worldwide  ( www . momentumww . com )  is in the business of co - creating .  we co - create with brands and people — instead of for people — to entertain ,  to connect ,  to inform ,  and to provide experiences that are worth sharing .  we partner the world’s best brands with the brightest talents on events ,  sponsorships ,  promotions ,  strategy ,  advertising ,  shopper marketing ,  music ,  entertainment ,  social media ,  content ,  design and beyond .  our approach to marketing values authentic stories and engagements above all else .  part of the interpublic group of companies  ( nyse ipg )  ,  we operate in more than 50 countries for partners including american express ,  coca - cola ,  kraft ,  microsoft ,  william grant & sons ,  subway and many more .  general description and duties   responsible for the conceptual development and verbal expression of creative concepts on assigned brands and individual projects .   provide writing support wherever words are needed .   meetings ,  emails ,  ppts ,  pos ,  print advertising ,  ooh ,  interactive media ,  etc .   produces work excellently  knows the value of a dollar  is a great partner .  not a pushover .  not a bully .   knows their clients better than they know themselves .   proactive in everything  presents with a style all their own to clients and coworkers  demonstrates understanding of all momentum can do  shares what they know with those who know less  can successfully navigate and challenge a strategy  makes work client loves and pushes momentum standards  could explain integrated marketing to a 3rd grader  a thinker as well as a writer  knows what’s in style even if they aren’t  projects confidence and enthusiasm experience and credentials   previous business experience preferred requiring solid project management skills  college graduate ,  or active pursuing same  related internship experience preferred  strong computer skills  -  ms office  solid communication skills  -  written and verbal  portfolio demonstrating talent in writing  self - motivated ,  enthusiastic  resourceful momentum worldwide is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race ,  gender ,  age ,  sexual orientation or sexual preference ,  national origin ,  religion ,  marital status ,  type of military discharge ,  or other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state ,  federal or local laws .      
 management trainee - 1300974 description armstrong floor products  ( afp )  ,  a division of armstrong world industries ,  inc .  has a job opportunity for a management trainee in our vicksburg ,  ms plant .  the management trainee is an entry level position that is a great way to start a professional career with an opportunity to develop into a manager within the hardwood manufacturing division .  as the management trainee you will become familiar with processes ,  machinery ,  and supervision of manufacturing procedures .  as a manufacturing management trainee you will assist in the operation ,  management ,  and supervision of various departments .  in addition to supervisory responsibilities  safety ,  quality ,  delivery and cost accountability ,  reporting ,  and scheduling will also be a challenging part of this position .  this position is based out of the vicksburg ,  ms facility and reports to the plant manager .  the purpose of the management trainee position is to prepare individuals for future opportunities within the hardwood manufacturing division .  working alongside managers ,  accepting delegated responsibilities and duties ,  the goal of a management trainee is to eventually becoming a manager .  under direction of experienced personnel ,  a management trainee will perform a variety of duties .  these duties will build the foundation for developing functional capability in the essential elements within the manufacturing process in order for a seamless transition to a future management position .  key responsibilities of the manufacturing management trainee   -  perform duties and responsibilities in a safe manner while leading by example  -  observe experienced manufacturing and production workers to acquire knowledge of methods ,  procedures ,  and standards required for performance of departmental duties  -  perform special projects to gather data for the hardwood department and plant management and develop capability from the experience  -  use company data and reports to analyze inventory ,  throughput ,  yield ,  downtime and other measurable items  -  identify trends and recommend proactive or remedial action to manage business situations  -  work with and through management to develop and implement actions that protect company assets and profitability  -  replace supervision in their absence including on the off shifts  -  build a financial understanding for the manufacturing process and direct / indirect expenses  -  comply with all reporting and compliance expectations  -  receive training and performs duties in several departments / functions to gain perspective such as ehs ,  quality ,  finance ,  operations ,  procurement ,  purchasing and human resources to facilitate subsequent transferability between departments and to provide greater promotional opportunities  -  learn line and staff functions ,  operations ,  management viewpoints and company policies and practices that affect each phase of business  -  participate in lean events to drive rapid process improvements throughout the facility and hardwood division  -  follow development plan and be able to move into another opportunity within a minimum of 9 - 12 months other responsibilities of the manufacturing management trainee  while this job description is intended to be an accurate reflection of the requirements of the position ,  management reserves the right to add or remove duties when circumstances dictate qualifications qualifications for the manufacturing management trainee   -  bachelor’s degree in engineering ,  business administration ,  wood science & technology or manufacturing / industrial related discipline  -  strong written ,  verbal ,  analytical and presentation skills  -  proficiency in word ,  excel ,  access and powerpoint  -  ability to interact effectively with a wide range of staff throughout the hardwood manufacturing division  -  ability to travel to other hardwood manufacturing locations  -  availability and ability to relocate as opportunities become available physical demands on the manufacturing management trainee  the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .   -  must be able to climb ladders ,  walk catwalks and crawl under equipment as needed in order to monitor ,  direct and validate equipment and installations  -  must be able to lift a minimum of 50lbs  -  must be able to work in extreme temperature conditions benefits offered by armstrong world industries  armstrong offers competitive benefits including options and choices to fit your needs such as medical ,  dental ,  prescription drug ,  life insurance ,  long and short term disability coverage ,  401k plan ,  paid time off ,  and product discount programs .  about armstrong world industries  established in 1860 ,  armstrong world industries ,  inc .  is a multi - billion dollar global leader in the design and manufacture of floors and ceilings with a focus on innovation ,  design ,  and environmental sustainability .  based in lancaster pa ,  armstrong serves both the residential and commercial markets operating plants and distribution centers in eight countries with over 9 , 000 employees worldwide .  about the location   ( vicksburg ,  ms )   the vicksburg ,  ms facility manufactures wood veneer and employees approximately 100 people operating in a multi shift environment .  situated high on the bluffs of the mighty mississippi river ,  vicksburg is a diverse business and tourism destination with a prosperous economy .  vicksburg boasts rich southern history ,  breathtaking architecture ,  terrific arts and culture ,  legendary shopping and dining .  where else can you cruise the mighty mississippi river ,  enjoy riverboat gaming ,  tour some of the state s grandest historic homes ,  museums and explore a national military park .  armstrong is an equal employment opportunity employer job  manufacturing management & plant operations primary location  ms - vicksburg     
 willowtree apps is looking for a junior marketing copywriter .  this position requires both technical and social media copywriting skills .  this is a part - time position requiring about 30 hours / week with the possibility of eventually becoming a full - time position .  the activities that will be most important are  • writing copy for website updates and new additions .  • crafting blog posts ,  reviewing content with internal owner and posting to company website .  • managing social media channels  facebook ,  linkedin ,  google+ ,  twitter and youtube .  • developing copy for marketing materials including conference and event materials .  • creating content for award submissions .  • reviewing ,  recommending and producing app store descriptions for clients .  • producing content for client fact sheets ,  email deployments ,  etc .  • organization and the ability to multi - task many things at once .  microsoft suite experience required .  wordpress experience a plus .  the willowtree apps’ office is a fun ,  exciting place to work .  check out http  /  /  www . willowtreeapps . com .  .  .  .      
 about us strategy1 is southern arizona s leading business consultancy .  we provide innovative and customized solutions that drive strategic alignment of people ,  plans and processes .  our clients are committed to improve long - term sustainability and to maximize organizational performance .  about you you are an energetic professional who thrives on multi - tasking .  you love new challenges .   self - starter  is your middle name .  you enjoy coordinating schedules ,  people ,  events and paperwork .  you love systems ,  both using them and making them better .  constructive communication and active participation are your core competencies .  you have mastered balancing the urgent with the important .  social media and business technology platforms are second nature to you .  about the work this is a part time ,  contract position in a fast paced small company .  the key responsibilities are administrative and marketing assignments .  the list below is illustrative ,  but certainly not all - inclusive .  we need to be able to roll with change .   ?  coordinate all aspects of internal meetings and external events including scheduling ,  logistics and follow up .   ?  manage administrative and client communications including electronic communications ,  voicemail and airmail on behalf of the consultancy .   ?  office management & support including database management ,  scanning ,  scheduling ,  filing ,  and maintaining internal meeting & event calendar .   ?  maintain accounting records including bill pay ,  deposits ,  invoicing and consultant payments ,  monitor and reconcile accounts .   ?  manage website and social media campaigns .   ?  prepare and distribute bi - monthly e - blasts .   ?  assist consultants with preparation of presentation materials .   ?  provide support to principals as needed .  desired skills  admin assistant event management project management social media marketing     
 description  at gallagher bassett services ,  inc .  we are constantly seeking skilled professionals who are up for a challenge and take exceptional performance to heart .  the professionals we hire help us maintain our reputation as one of the most progressive property / casualty third party claims service organizations in our industry and throughout the world .  gallager bassett services ,  inc .   ( gb )  provides services to fortune 1000 companies throughout 100 offices worldwide .  for the past several years gb has ranked among the largest tpa s by business insurance magazine and was also a recipient of the business insurance readers  choice award for   best third party claims administrator .    if you re looking for a professional career with an industry leader then you have come to the right place .  wherever your interests lie ,  we re sure you will agree on one thing  our continued prosperity hinges on our greatest resource  -  -  -  our people .   position summary   as a technical assistant in claims management ,  you will assist branch and area managers and supervisors in the overall branch workflows ,  including  -  but not limited to  -  the following duties     general office duties and clerical responsibilities including answering telephones ,  filing ,  mail processing ,    creating letters ,  memos ,  envelopes ,  reports ,  and certificates of insurance   taking dictation as requested   reviewing forms for accuracy and completeness   perform more advanced clerical functions related to the pc and various computer applications ,  including macro development ,  creating document templates ,  etc .    participate in special projects as assigned  additional considerations       qualifications  required     high school education or equivalent   ability to use ms office applications ,  particularly word and excel  desired     prior experience in a professional office environment   some advanced training or education related to business and office services ,  technologies ,  etc .    knowledge of a variety of business office and administrative processes   familiar with prx / voice mail systems   multilingual  work traits     ability to interact professionally with all levels of office / technical staff ,  management and clients   solid verbal and written communication ,  reading and analytical skills .    good communications skills   solid math and vocabulary skills  u . s .  eligibility requirements     interested candidates must submit an application and resume / cv online to be considered   must be 18 years of age or older   must be willing to submit to a background investigation  any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation   must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the united states .  for u . s .  employment opportunities ,  gallagher hires u . s .  citizens ,  permanent residents ,  asylees ,  refugees ,  and temporary residents .  temporary residence does not include those with non - immigrant work authorization  ( f ,  j ,  h or l visas )  ,  such as students in practical training status .  exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill .  gallagher will require proof of work authorization   must be willing to execute gallagher’s employee agreement or confidentiality and non - disclosure agreement which requires ,  among other things ,  post - employment obligations relating to non - solicitation ,  confidentiality and non - disclosure  gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits ,  including  medical / dental / vision plans ,  life and accident insurance ,  401 ( k )  ,  employee stock purchase plan ,  educational expense reimbursement ,  employee assistance program ,  flexible work hours  ( availability varies by office and job function )  training programs ,  matching gift program ,  and more .   gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  age ,  veteran status ,  disability ,  national origin ,  or any other legally protected status .  equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer - employee relationship ,  including ,  but not limited to ,  recruitment ,  hiring ,  training ,  promotion ,  transfer ,  demotion ,  compensation ,  benefits ,  layoff ,  and termination .  in addition ,  gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability ,  unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business .      
 we are a team of engineers ,  data scientists and product management professionals with a mission to build a suite of software solutions for walmart ecommerce that enables the business to optimize weeks of supply  ( wos )  and inventory availability .   we are building the foundation of ecommerce inventory planning – our solution will be used to replenish inventory for hundreds of thousands of items worth tens of billions of dollars each year .  the solution utilizes sophisticated dynamic stocking algorithms to provide the replenishment recommendations ,  a workflow that emulates the business process and an intuitive user interface built on top of latest and scalable web frameworks such as rails ,  angular js ,  twitter bootstrap etc .  our business stakeholders  -  ecommerce merchandise planning and supply chain operations – collaborate with us in a fast - paced and highly iterative development environment and provide the feedback needed to build an outstanding leading - edge product .   as an intern you will not only work on the most challenging problems in computer science and operations research but will also have an unparalleled opportunity to impact the lives of over one billion walmart customers .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !   -  ms / phd in operations research / statistics / computer science or another highly quantitative discipline .   -  familiarity with optimization algorithms for network flow problems and linear programming .  knowledge in integer programming techniques a plus .   -  good knowledge in statistical and machine learning techniques ,  such as regression ,  clustering ,  and classification .   -  hands on experience in r or python and the machine learning and scientific computing packages associated them .   -  programming experience in one of the languages such as python / ruby / perl / shell / c / java  -  working knowledge of relational databases and sql .          apply     
 gsd&m creative interns are under the mentorship of two creative directors .  interns will follow agency creative briefs on assigned creative jobs for concepting .  creative interns will be expected to learn craftsmanship and detail in copy and art .   each semester s job description varies depending upon account activity  however ,  interns are given the opportunity to work on real client work ,  which is designed to build and develop the interns  portfolio for career advancement in the industry .   there are two creative internships awarded each semester to an art director and copywriter student .  art direction interns must be proficient in adobe indesign .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or senior enrolled full time in a bachelor s degree program for the up coming semester in a college or university .    must have 6 months of sales ,  customer service ,  marketing or management experience .    will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  volunteer work / community service or military in lieu of the work experience .    will consider experience as a student athlete in lieu of the work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at fault accidents in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol related conviction on your record in the past 5 years  ( i . e .  ,  dui ,  dwi )    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or senior enrolled full time in a bachelor s degree program for the up coming semester in a college or university .    must have 6 months of sales ,  customer service ,  marketing or management experience .    will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  volunteer work / community service or military in lieu of the work experience .    will consider experience as a student athlete in lieu of the work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at fault accidents in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol related conviction on your record in the past 5 years  ( i . e .  ,  dui ,  dwi )    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or senior enrolled full time in a bachelor s degree program for the up coming semester in a college or university .    must have 6 months of sales ,  customer service ,  marketing or management experience .    will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  volunteer work / community service or military in lieu of the work experience .    will consider experience as a student athlete in lieu of the work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at fault accidents in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol related conviction on your record in the past 5 years  ( i . e .  ,  dui ,  dwi )    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .    10 - 12 week commitment with the availability to start from the 1st day of training in may .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or senior enrolled full time in a bachelor s degree program for the up coming semester in a college or university .    must have 6 months of sales ,  customer service ,  marketing or management experience .    will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  volunteer work / community service or military in lieu of the work experience .    will consider experience as a student athlete in lieu of the work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at fault accidents in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol related conviction on your record in the past 5 years  ( i . e .  ,  dui ,  dwi )    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must have a high school diploma or ged .    must be at least 18 years old .    must be currently enrolled in a bachelor s degree program at a college / university .    must be a current junior standing or above with a targeted graduation date of december 2014 or spring 2015 .    experience in sales ,  customer service ,  leadership or management required .    must have a valid drivers license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at - fault accidents on driving record in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol   ( dui or dwi )  related convictions on driving record in the past 5 years .    no careless driving conviction on driving record in the past 3 years .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
    this job is remote .  location independent .  we will communicate over phone ,  video conference ,  email ,  and im .  it does not matter where you are located on the planet !  very flexible with time / location .     it is not a requirement that you are an expert in all the below skills .  this is just an exhaustive list that you might be exposed to .  1 .  seo understanding of how to drive traffic to your site via targeted keywords ,  link building and on page optimizations .  2 .  copywriting know how to create compelling headlines ,  unique content and understand how people read and consume that content .  3 .  paid advertising understand google adwords ,  facebook ads ,  and other content networks .  be able to write copy and generate media assets for the ads and test their performance over time .  4 .  email marketing be able to harvest email addresses using permission marketing .  understand how to drive customer engagement and reconnect with customers using email .  be able to manage and segment lists over time .  5 .  social media  ( facebook ,  twitter ,  google plus ,  linkedin )  understand how to create a community and drive     
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   this a temporary position for the summer of 2013 ,  but based on performance ,  there may be a further career opportunity .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .   perhaps best of all ,  interns who successfully navigate and complete the internship training program may be offered full - time positions after graduation based on performance and regional  /  area needs .      must have a high school diploma or ged    must be at least 18 years old   must be a full time student in the process of obtaining your bachelors degree   must be a december 2013 or may 2014 graduate    recent work experience or related college involvement  ( service ,  retail sales ,  participation or leadership in athletic / team activities ,  membership or leadership in community ,  social or academic organizations )     must have a valid drivers license with no more than 2 moving violations and / or at - fault accidents within the past 3 years    no drug or alcohol related conviction  ( dwi / dui )  on driving record in the past 5 years    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .     must be willing to accept pay of $10 . 00  /  hour ,  plus applicable performance bonuses .     must be living within a reasonable commute of no more than 1 hour from this location .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .   candidate must be able to work in our martin ,  tn ,  office along with our union city ,  tn office .  the schedule will be flexible ,  but candidates must be able to work 25 hours per week .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or rising senior enrolled full - time in a bachelor s degree program in the business field .     prefer work experience  ( can be non - concurrent )  in sales ,  customer service or management .  will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs or volunteer work / community service level or experience as a student or professional athlete in lieu of work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than two moving violations or at - fault accidents on driving record in the last 3 years .     no drug or alcohol related conviction on driving record in the past 5 years .     must be at least 18 years old .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .       must be a full - time college junior or senior student enrolled in a bachelor s degree program  ( or part time if less than 12 credits remaining )  .      must have at least 6 months of part - time relevant work experience within the last 4 years in sales ,  customer service or management / supervisory experience / leadership .     this could include organizational involvement at a leadership level  ( i . e .  organizations / clubs ,  military ,  community involvement ,  or professional / student athlete )     the internship will require a commitment to work 20 to 25 hours per week .    must be at least 18 years of age .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .    must have a valid driver s license with no more than 2 moving violations and / or at fault accidents within 3 years .  no drug or alcohol related incidents within 5 years  ( i . e .  dui ,  dwi )  .    must be available january 6 - 8th for new hire orientation .      
 position  part - time marketing & pr intern  ( temporary )   reports to  marketing manager  flsa  non - exempt  major responsibilities   • provide support to marketing and pr department which is responsible for a wide range of functions .  • assist in coordinating events and advertising campaigns ,  college events calendar ,  vendor relations ,  webinars ,  marketing research ,  marketing communications ,  website updates ,  copywriting / proofreading ,  and social media .   minimum requirements  • candidate must be a walsh college student pursuing a marketing major at the bachelor’s degree level or degreed alumni .  • must be available to work 20 hours per week and cover occasional evening and weekend events  ( will schedule around courses )  .  • organizational skills and ability to multi - task required .  • strong written and proofreading communication skills required .  • intermediate knowledge of outlook ,  word ,  excel ,  and powerpoint .   ( work or academic samples will be requested during the interview process )  .  • strong desire and ability to learn quickly required .  • strong knowledge of walsh college programs required .  • marketing ,  social media ,  or web design experience a plus .   to apply  submit resume to the walsh college human resources office at      
 we re on a hunt for a e - mail marketing intern to join our fast - growing marketing team .  this role is about improving and further developing our email marketing practices .  while our current email marketing is working well ,  we’re looking for a driven individual to take it to the next level .  the ideal candidate will be someone who can not only write and develop engaging marketing emails ,  but can also create a targeted email strategy and use analytics and data to make objective decisions about email performance .  this also role provides the opportunity to be involved with email marketing that directly drives revenue to an e - commerce site .  we value new ideas ,  professional drive and curiosity .  you have to be eager to learn and contribute .  responsibilities would be   -  developing new marketing emails targeting specific customer segments  -  reviewing design of current html emails and re - designing if needed  -  analyzing results ,  an implementing changes based on data  -  driving additional e - commerce revenue through improvement of existing emails and creation of new emails  -  contribute to  ( and possibly own )  our blog and other elements of content marketing .  requirements exceptional copywriting and communication skills  -  you ll write the killer lines that people would want to read .  firm understanding of email best practices html experience a plus outgoing personality and solid work ethic benefits  -  no coffee runs required  ( the coffee machine takes care of that )  .   -  there is the possibility for this role to become a full - time position based on performance .   -  super cool office in san francisco golden gate co - working space  -  water ,  coffee ,  tea and beer on fridays available   )      
 position purpose the chep communications intern position is offered to college students seeking to learn about the fields of business and communications .  the communications intern will assist the global communications department in the planning ,  analysis and execution of a variety of internal and external communications projects .   major / key accountabilities • copywriting  ( e . g .  press releases ,  articles for newsletters ,  case studies )  • assist with digital communications including global and regional newsletters ,  tv and telephone digital advertising ,  event invitations and surveys • assist with internal and external events ,  including leadership calls and conferences • supporting monthly pr reporting activities ,  including industry and competitive analysis ,  and social media • support with the development of communications plans for projects and functional group needs • update the company’s intranet home page with communications news  qualifications • full time junior or senior college student majoring in business administration ,  public relations ,  communications or marketing  experience • highly motivated and energetic work ethic • excellent customer service and interpersonal skills • effective communication and documentation abilities • able to work for at least one school semester or fulfill the school’s required hours  skills / knowledge • must be effective in collaboration • excellent written skills • excellent verbal and presentation skills • research and analysis skills • knowledge of photoshop and other graphic design programs • knowledge of video editing suite for pc or mac • proficient in microsoft office  languages english  critical competencies • drive for results • organising • customer focus • interpersonal savvy • learning on the fly  come join an extremely successful performance and growth oriented team ,  we d love to hear from you .  a highly competitive compensation and benefit package including retirement benefits ,  educational reimbursement ,  and more is offered in conjunction with an exciting ,  fast paced work environment .  come help us… handle the world s most important products .  everyday .  www . chep . com / jobs eoe  move up     
 designer internship  9 / 23 / 13 - 12 / 13 / 2013  strong design aesthetics and craftsmanship are important to us at akqa .  our creative come from a wide range of digital and traditional backgrounds ,   all having one thing in common  a deep understanding of our user - centric and constantly evolving digital world .   as an intern at akqa ,  you d be expected to use your imaginativeness ,  appetite for challenge and raw talent ,  working with our creative ,  strategy ,  ux and technology teams to solve complex problems and create unique solutions for some of the world s most forward - thinking brands .  being an intern here involves getting dirty ,  asking tough questions ,  and pitching in where needed .  you’re working on the same projects as us and are just as much a part of the team as we are .    designers will be paired with a copywriter intern to form a creative team .  individuals will be mentored by a senior creative in their discipline and will rotate accounts every 4 weeks .  time will be divided equally between billable project work and concepting for a proactive brief .      
 graceship™ has an exciting opportunity for a public relations intern to join our aggressive media activities .  this is an ideal opportunity for a student seeking maximum exposure to modern pr and media strategies .  graceship™ is a luxury computer bag collection exclusively for women .  our products combine the aesthetics of a purse with the functionality of a traditional computer bag .  the brand is changing the status quo for what women want in computer carriers .  visit www . thegraceship . com to learn more .  this internship will give you valuable experience working with local and national media outlets ,  as you work to enhance the image ,  visibility and credibility of graceship™ .  responsibilities seek ,  schedule and assist with tv ,  radio ,  and print interviews seek and coordinate special appearances and speaking engagements for ceo assist with planning and public outreach of parties ,  events and contests assist with photo shoots of company products and personnel determine newsworthy items ,  brand and promotional opportunities write press releases ,  execute distribution and follow up contact with key influencers assist with press kit development compile and update media contact databases write articles for website as needed conduct intensive internet research various administrative tasks qualifications interest and knowledge in fashion ,  technology and or culture is a must must be a student within a communications ,  journalism ,  pr or marketing discipline experience in news ,  feature and or copywriting excellent research and communications skills ability to multitask and meet deadlines minimum commitment of at least 12 hours per week must be eligible for academic credit apply online today by submitting your information ,  cover letter and resume at the link provided .  graceship™ is founded by emily gimmel ,  a veteran tv journalist whose long time career put her face to face with some of the most interesting and talented people in the world .  the brand is changing the status quo for what women want in computer carriers .  visit www . thegraceship . com to learn more .  graceship™ is committed to a policy of equal opportunity .  the company conducts all employment practices without regard to race ,  sex ,  age ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  national origin ,  ancestry ,  marital status ,  disability ,  veteran status ,  or any other basis prohibited by state or federal law .  briggs & stratton also undertakes affirmative action to assure equal employment opportunity for minorities and women ,  for persons with disabilities ,  and for covered veterans .      
 summary  the 1105 media marketing intern will report to the director of marketing for the government information group  ( gig )  business unit .  as the marketing intern ,  you will shadow and perform technical and administrative back - end functions of marketing campaigns ,  including html email creation within dreamweaver ,  basic design work in indesign and photoshop ,  copywriting and monitoring the statistics and analytics of marketing campaigns and surveys .  more information about the government information group found at  http  /  / 1105govinfo . com .  .  .  daily responsibilities include assisting the director of marketing in the following tasks  create and / or update sales materials  ( e . g .  sell sheets for the gig media kit ,  calendars ,  print ads ,  etc .  )  using indesign and photoshop create html emails in dreamweaver compile list requests and execute promotional e - mails through 1105 media’s proprietary email system write email and other promotional material copy manage and track gig’s trades and barter fulfillment  ( e . g .  banner ad placement ,  scheduling magazine drops ,  event pass management ,  etc .  )  track email campaigns within an excel dashboard walk away with the following resume builders  exposure to the full marketing campaign process ,  from pre - campaign strategy to post - campaign analysis an in - depth look into the creation and implementation of marketing strategies ,  promotion plans ,  dashboards technical skill development in software used in the marketing process  ( e . g .  excel ,  cms ,  html ,  dreamweaver ,  indesign ,  photoshop )  be a contributing part of a marketing team requirements  some exposure to indesign and photoshop – mac and pc microsoft office desire to learn more about brand and product marketing self - starter ability to own and manage projects experience in html or dreamweaver preferred ,  not required corporate profile  1105 media ,  inc .  is a leading provider of integrated business - to - business information and media .  the markets we serve include government ,  education ,  network & enterprise computing ,  business intelligence ,  office equipment ,  industrial health & safety ,  compliance ,  security ,  environmental protection ,  water & wastewater ,  and home medical equipment .  our products focus on technology ,  products ,  policy ,  regulation ,  and news delivered through an assortment of media including print and online magazines ,  journals ,  and newsletters  seminars ,  conferences ,  executive summits ,  and trade shows  training and courseware  and web - based services .  1105 media is based in chatsworth ,  ca ,  with offices throughout the united states and more than 300 employees .  the company was formed in april 2006 by nautic partners llc ,  alta communications ,  and president / ceo neal vitale .  we offer a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical / dental / vision insurance ,  life insurance ,  disability insurance ,  401 ( k )  plan and a generous paid time off  ( pto )  / holiday plan .  we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer .      
 hi there ,  just like the subject line says .  .  .  i would like to learn seo from someone that knows best practices .  what i propose would be for myself to basically work for free for whomever decides they would like to take me on as apprentice  ( for lack of a better term )  .  i would essentially be free labor in exchange for knowledge and know - how .  i would like to learn everything from website analysis ,  keyword research ,  competitor analysis ,  all tag optimizations ,  robots . txt validation ,  google and yahoo xml sitemap generation ,  link building ,  directory submission ,  press releases and anything else i may have missed .  basically i would like to know how to do seo from start to finish .  i have done a lot of reading and research into the subject but have not ,  as of yet ,  put any of what i ve learned into practice .  so i m not totally in the dark .  i would just like someone to show me the ropes .  i would like someone with multiple on going projects for me to help work on .  and preferably a native english speaker .  thank you desired skills  google website optimizer html seo     
 will be working with an instructor to coordinate and grade assignments ,  assist with compiling data for surveys and evaluations ,  and other duties as assigned .     this is a pooled position .  applicants are selected from the pool as positions become available .  after a period of time the pool will expire and applicants will be notified .       to apply ,  complete the online application and attach a resume and transcripts .   wsu is an aa / eo employer .        - must be a current has / him student in senior standing ,  or a current mha graduate student .   - must have successfully completed all program course work .      
teaching assistant  -  classroom – taylor creek elementary .  high school diploma or ged required .  person will assist teacher in efficient operation of classroom  must have ability to work and communicate effectively with students and teachers .  pay range $8 . 74  -  $12 . 70 per hour based on experience .  deadline  until filled .     
 work schedule  the school schedule is somewhat variable .  some weeks there are early release days ,  etc .  we can discuss the details later .       qualifications  must be committed to working the entire school year .  history and ability to work with a child with special needs .  must have a reliable car .  background check completed by the school .      
 the graduate teaching assistant  ( gta )  position in biology is responsible for proctoring exams  periodically checking chemicals / solutions / supplies used in labs  making new solutions as needed  prepping &   taking down   labs on mondays and fridays throughout the semester  keeping labs neat ,  clean ,  and orderly  teaching principles of biology labs ,  which includes preparing and grading all assignments / tests / quizzes  and attending all gta meetings .       1 .  must be a current troy university thesis graduate student seeking a master s degree in environmental science or biological science 2 .  must have and maintain a 3 . 0 gpa     
 a member of the research recruiting association in the day care industry is seeking a full time teacher assistant .  the company offers the following environment  comfortable and stable environment .  estimated salary of $13 . 50 per hour .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  supervision ,  communication skills ,  dependable .  seeking someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  assists with the curriculum for pre - k & the after school programs ,  maintains a structured environment for learning ,  supervises students during playtime .  unique job number  ny11712 .  location  new york ,  ny 10041     
 provide childcare in a daycare environment .  conduct and monitor activity programs designed for young children .  assist in curriculum development as instructed by full time teachers .  prepare craft materials and assist children with projects .  guide children in development of proper eating ,  dressing and toilet habits .  prepare and serve snacks .  observe children and report on observations to teachers and parents .  attend staff meetings .  hours are 7 45am - 3 45pm ,  monday  -  fridayability to care for children in a loving manner ,  demonstrating the values of the ymca .  ability to handle competing demands and take direction from the teacher . ability to communicate with parents regarding with the child s activities ,  behavior ,  etc .  .  ability to work a dedicated schedule monday through friday .      
 educational requirements  must have a high school diploma .  minimum requirements aa or ba degree with 18 early childhood credits  -  transcripts must be included with the application .  18 ecc applicable to teacher position only .  teacher assistant is not required to have 18 ecc .  experience requirements  minimum two years experience working with preschool children .  minimum one year supervisory experience .  experience developing and implementing lesson plans .  experience implementing and monitoring individualized education programs written for children with disabilities .  skills required  must have skills to work with head start parents ,  child care community and the local school district .  must have good organizational skills .  must be able to communicate both written and verbally .  must have good observational skills .  must have ability to administer screening and assessment tools .  must have basic computer skills .  team skills required .  spanish speaking skills a plus .  other factors  must be willing to travel ,  including some overnight trips .  must be willing to attend meetings and training .  must be willing to complete a medical ,  physical examination .  must adhere to policies and procedures including confidentiality and personnel policies .  must agree to and pass background check and drug screen .  must have valid utah driver s license and reliable transportation .      
 this is a part - time position for the fall 2013 and possibly spring 2014 semesters .       1 .  assist professor with grading of assignments and tests for fchd 1500 ,  record students  scores ,  and other duties as assigned .  2 .  this position will be expected to grade homework in a professional ,  timely ,  and consistent manner .  3 .  graders need to maintain an accurate and confidential record of students  homework grades .  4 .  confidentiality of student work and answers to assignments is a must .  5 .  additionally ,  graders are expected to communicate with professors on a regular basis to give feedback on homework assignments .       1 .  must have successfully completed fchd 1500 within the past 3 years .  2 .  must be dependable ,  maintain confidentiality of student information ,  work independently ,  show integrity ,  and be able to communicate effectively .       1 .  upper division level fchd or closely related program .      
 the purpose of this position is to function as a member of the maricopa county head start teaching and family support team to promote active learning in the preschool classroom by planning and implementing developmentally appropriate individualized experiences ,  and by creating a safe and nurturing environment in which three  ( 3 )  through five  ( 5 )  year old children can enhance language and literacy skills ,  cognitive development ,  physical development ,  social relationships and develop age - appropriate social and self help skills .  this includes planning and participating in parent education and parent involvement activities .   position qualifications   minimum education and / or experience   high school diploma or ged certificate and one  ( 1 )  year of paid or volunteer work experience in an early childhood classroom serving children less than five years of age .  have a child development associates  ( cda )  national certification or receive one within two  ( 2 )  years of hire .   preferred education and / or experience   one  ( 1 )  year of paid or volunteer work experience in an early childhood classroom serving children less than five years of age ,  and achild development associate  ( cda )  certificate and / or enrolled in coursework leading to an associate’s or bachelor’s degree in early childhood education .   knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities   basic knowledge of current educational techniques and developmentally appropriate practices relating to early childhood development .  basic knowledge of behavior modification theories and practices related to early childhood development .  basic knowledge or ability to learn head start ,  federal and state regulations .  basic knowledge or ability to learn state child care licensing requirements .  ability to learn how to develop ,  plan ,  organize and implement appropriate child education curriculum .   ability to effectively deliver child education programs and services .   ability to maintain appropriate classroom protocol by assuring an appropriate classroom learning environment .   ability to administer cpr and first aid .  ability to use a computer and related software .   ability to follow established procedures .  ability to collect ,  organize and evaluate data and develop logical conclusions .   skills in verbal and written communication with pre - school age children and their parents .  skill in resolving conflicts between pre - school age children .  ability to communicate effectively in both oral and written forms as required .  ability to work effectively with individuals of diverse educational ,  socio - economic ,  and cultural backgrounds ,  and those with disabilities and special needs .   specialized training ,  certifications ,  or other special requirements   must currently possess or have the ability to obtain a valid arizona driver license upon hire .   state criminal background investigation performed prior to hire and must secure a level 1 fingerprint clearance card .   must be able to pass a medical exam that includes screening for tb ,  as required by federal and state regulations ,  to be free of communicable disease ,  and must have received the following vaccinations   ( mmr )  measles ,  mumps ,  rubella ,  and tetanus if not current ,  to assure no significant risk exists to the health or safety of others .   certification in cpr ,  first aid ,  and food handler’s must be obtained within six  ( 6 )  weeks of hire .   special requirements   bi - lingual in english / spanish language is strongly preferred .   note   degrees / credits must be from an academically accredited college or university as recognized by the u . s .  department of education  ( usde )  or the council for higher education  ( chea )  .   essential job tasks   assists the teacher in planning ,  implementation and evaluation of a developmentally appropriate and educationally enriching early childhood classroom program in accordance with head start performance standards ,  child care licensing and program policies and procedures .  assists with recruitment and enrollment of children and families into the maricopa county head start zero – five program .  assists the teacher in meeting the basic health and nutrition requirements of enrolled children and maintaining a healthy and safe classroom environment .  assists and / or arranges classrooms for program activities .  assists in serving meals and general clean up of classrooms and bathrooms .  assists in maintaining and updating children’s records ,  and maintains the confidentiality of child ,  family and program information .  provides information to parents through face to face meetings ,  written correspondence ,  telephone ,  and home visits ,  as required .  assists in inspecting classroom ( s )  and grounds to ensure the safety ,  orderliness ,  sanitation and cleanliness of facilities .  supervises children at all timesin accordance to arizona daycare licensing regulations and head start performance standards and ensures their safety and well being .  participates with teachers in parent communication  encourages and supports parent involvement in all aspects of the head start program .  supports and promotes each child’s physical ,  social ,  emotional ,  cognitive ,  and language development .   assists with program record - keeping and reporting .  administers first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation  ( cpr )  ,  as required .   assists at parent committee meetings ,  including the supervision of children during those meetings .  comply with all child and adult care food program guidelines and cacfp record keeping .   selection procedure   the maricopa county human resources department reserves the right to admit to the exam process only those candidates considered to be the most highly qualified .  those selected will be scored based on evaluation of listed education and experience .  the hiring authority will interview and select the successful candidate from a pool provided by human resources .      
 engineering intern - 1301079 description armstrong world industries ,  inc .  ,  a global leader in the design and manufacture of floors and ceilings products ,  has a summer engineering internship opportunity at our manufacturing plant in south gate ,  ca .  we are looking for candidates who have the technical savvy to understand our products ,  processes and test requirements .  we want to hire highly motivated engineering interns with the necessary leadership requirements and qualifications to achieve greatness .  under the supervision and guidance of an experienced engineer ,  you will be contributing to projects and day to day improvements .  you will also assist in the design and installation of small capital projects .  the work you will be assigned is integral to plant goals and objectives .  plant management will be supportive during your work and interested in your results .  you will be responsible for reporting progress on activities and presenting them to other engineers and plant leadership .  based on demonstrated capability and performance the internship could continue during the school year .  thorough safety training will be provided and required .  qualifications the requirements for this position include  experience   -  must be pursuing a bachelors degree in mechanical ,  chemical ,  or civil engineering from an abet accredited program  -  must be a maximum of 24 months away from graduation  -  prefer a minimum 2 . 8 gpa ,  cumulative skills & abilities   -  outstanding interpersonal skills ,  with the specific ability to work in teams  -  capability to build relationships with other functions ,  which will be essential with such activities as teaching teams and transferring knowledge  -  well - developed computer skills in a windows environment .   -  familiarity with microsoft office with emphasis in word and excel  -  basic cad skills are preferable .   -  demonstrated leadership skills ,  ability to work independently and make autonomous decisions when necessary  -  unlimited authorization to work in the united states  -  must be able to climb ladders and walk catwalks ,  etc .  ,  in order to monitor ,  direct and validate equipment and installations  -  there is no relocation assistance for this position .  about us  established in 1860 ,  armstrong world industries ,  inc .  is a multi - billion dollar global leader in the design and manufacture of floor and ceilings with a focus on innovation ,  design and environmental sustainability .  based in lancaster ,  pa ,  armstrong serves both the residential and commercial markets operating plants and distribution centers in eight countries with over 9 , 000 employees worldwide .  armstrong is an equal opportunity employer .  job  engineering primary location  ca - south gate other locations  ca - south gate     
 assist student interns in developing teaching competency  identify assistance when needed and use knowledge ,  skill ,  and resources to help the intern transition to a professional teacher .       1 .  valid teacher s certificate at the class a level of discipline 2 .  master s degree in teaching discipline     
 are you a college student looking for a fall internship in business or marketing ?  aeronautic investments is the place for you !  founded by fiu alumni ,  we are a small and friendly business in miami that s growing fast .  what do our interns do ?  we always give our interns a big project working on real business .  in previous terms ,  interns implemented a technical strategy to train some of our customers ,  manage after - sale support services for some of our products and collaborate with sales and technical teams in business development .  our interns learn about  customer development marketing and seo product research product presentation project management data management at aeronautic investments ,  we will give you a lot to do ,  and we will expect that you deliver something great .  our internship program includes a great salary .  a lot of companies don t pay interns .  we think this is wrong .  we teach you a lot and we also pay     
 position summary  the intern will be expected to work directly with the coordinator of see .  a successful candidate for this position will be able to show some experience with social media ,  a willingness to maintain and update communications to the see initiative through the see website and email list ,  and to assist in the planning ,  organization and hosting of speakers ,  film showings ,  discussion panels ,  and other see events .   position summary information  the university of dayton ,  founded in 1850 by the society of mary ,  is a top ten catholic research university .  the university seeks outstanding ,  diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence in teaching ,  research and artistic creativity ,  the development of the whole person ,  and leadership and service in the local and global community  to attain its catholic and marianist mission ,  the university is committed to the principles of diversity ,  inclusion and affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices .  we act affirmatively to recruit and hire women ,  traditionally under - represented minority groups ,  persons with disabilities and veterans .   minimum qualifications  previous engagement with see social media experience microsoft office experience  preferred qualifications work hours  to be arranged with the see director  number of positions available 1 posting date 08 / 28 / 2013 closing date open until filled ?  yes     
the 4 - h afterschool program is accepting applications for an intern who will give 4 - h afterschool workshop presentations for elementary and middle school students and teach and support afterschool staff with 4 - h curriculum and experiential learning .  the successful applicant will work with usu staff on 4 - h curriculum and programming .       1 .  must be available for afterschool hours monday through friday 3 00 - 6 00 p . m .  and some weekends and evening hours for 4 - h programming .  2 .  assist volunteers and afterschool staff with curriculum and lessons .  3 .  give workshop presentations for elementary and middle school students .  4 .  teach and support afterschool staff members with 4 - h curriculum and experiential learning .  5 .  work closely with usu staff on 4 - h curriculum and programming .       1 .  experience in working with and teaching children and adults .  2 .  ability to create activities to coordinate with curriculum .  3 .  excellent written and oral communication skills .  4 .  ability to interact with students and staff in a professional manner .     
 we are looking for someone to help us develop software that will enable nonprofit organizations to raise millions of dollars every year .  ?  we need smart people that like solving customer problems in software .  ?  the solutions you write will be used by millions of people on the internet when they go to donate to the american red cross ,  the american cancer society and all of our other 28 , 000+ clients .  ?  we power the most popular nonprofit web sites on the internet .  please note  must be eligible to work in the united states without any sponsorships .  summary  as a blackbaud software engineer intern ,  you will work as a team of engineers to rapidly develop and deploy blackbaud software to our production systems in a saas model .  ?  you should be passionate about customer satisfaction and customer success .  ?   ?  description  creates blackbaud software loves solving problems enjoys working with a focused team wants to learn from others and also teach others preferred skills  oo skills database skills a plus capable of completing tasks on schedule good verbal and written communication skills ability to work well on a team with others     
 join the education & public programs team at the university of alaska museum of the north .  we are seeking a student intern to assist with school field trip programs ,  museum family days ,  and special events .  in addition ,  the intern will work with our teaching collection  cataloging objects ,  creating database entries ,  processing loans ,  and conducting research for labels and kits .   must be an able to work under minimal supervision and also work well within a team setting .  strong leadership skills are desired .   the position is filled through the alaskans internship program ,  funded by the alaskans ,  a social club formed in 1958 by a group interested in the well being of the state of alaska .    minimum qualifications   resident of alaska and a graduate of an alaskan high school .   full time uaf student in good academic standing ,  graduate or undergraduate .   preference will be give to students who indicate a desire to remain in alaska following graduation and whose job experiences ,  academic major ,  and interest best match the mission of the museum .   intern must be willing to prepare a brief report about their internship for the alaskans .   attention to detail important .  experience with database work preferred .   knowledge of alaska natural and cultural history desired .   background in education or interpretation desired .    please submit a resume ,  cover letter and contact information for 3 references .   if you have questions about this position ,  please email museum . education@uaf . edu .   if you have trouble applying to this posting ,  please call the uaf uakjobs help desk at 907 - 474 - 5563 .      
 this position will perform duties to include ,  but not limited to   ?   support as needed a developmental program for children ages 3 - 5 years with supervision by university faculty and staff .    ?   duties include   development and implementation of lesson plans  child ,  self ,  and program assessments  assist to supervise laboratory  students ,  and coordinate family events .    ?   daily responsibilities include application of ethical guidelines for behavior as outlined in professional resources .    ?   record keeping ,  preparing and maintaining the classroom environment ,  implementing individual ,  small - group ,  and large - group activities .    ?   facilitate meals ,  napping ,  and toileting routines  communication with families .    ?   perform other duties or projects as assigned .     ?   undergraduate students must be registered / enrolled in a minimum of six  ( 6 )  fall / spring units .    ?   post - baccalaureate students must be registered in a minimum of four  ( 4 )  fall / spring units in a graduate program .    ?   must meet all other eligibility requirements per the student employment policies  ( see  http /  / www . csustan . edu / hr / employeeresources / hiringstudentassistants . html )  .    ?   completion of at least 6 - 12 units of child development or early childhood education coursework ,  required .    ?   preschool or infant / toddler teaching experience strongly preferred .    ?   successful interview & supportive references .  attend orientation training .  one academic year commitment strongly preferred .    ?   health clearance and tb screening ,  pediatric first aid and cpr certification .    ?   enrollment in cdev 4945 or 4946   ?   the successful candidates must be fingerprinted and successfully pass a background check  prior to working with minor children   ,  which  may include checks of employment records ,  criminal records ,  civil records ,  and motor vehicle records .      
 the successful applicant will assist with technology in the classroom ,  work with faculty to build a database of quality internship sites ,  and / or assist faculty with triangulation of outcomes assessment data for accreditation .  within these areas ,  the student employee will be a team player with the hphp faculty and staff and work toward promoting the success of position goals by coordinating efforts with faculty ,  on and off campus sites ,  and past and present student interns .  these efforts will require good communication and customer service with the customer poised to be faculty ,  students ,  and community sites .   specific duties   -  load specific ipad education apps on the department s ipads within the ipad teaching cart for faculty and student use in the classroom and communicating the functionality and benefit of the app .   -  assist faculty with podcasting and videography .   -  compile survey results using excel .   -  format assessments for delivery and outcome measurement .   -  assist with program assessment by conducting student focus groups ,  exit surveys ,  program standards surveys ,  student satisfaction polls ,  etc .   -  communicate with clinical and internship sites to update site ,  contact personnel ,  and contractual information under the purview of faculty leadership .   -  work with student interns to rate practicum sites and student field experiences based on appropriateness and alignment to program objectives ,  and organizing and building a database of quality internship sites .   -  maintain program bulletin boards  ( e . g .  ,  post internship and job opportunities ,  promotional items for health promotion and human performance student interest events ,  etc .  )       to apply ,  complete the online application and attach a resume ,  cover letter and the names and contact information for three references .   if you are hired ,  please keep in mind that you will need to complete the appropriate documents in payroll prior to being paid .   the screening of applicants will begin immediately and will remain open until filed .   criminal background check is required as a condition of employment .   wsu is an aa / eo employer .       junior or senior with a gpa of 3 . 0 or higher  computer ,  ipad ,  and technology skills  data entry and analysis experience or coursework  proficient in ms word ,  excel ,  chitester ,  and canvas  communicate and work well with faculty and students .      
we need an assistant to make phone calls .  you will be making phone calls to persons expressing an interest in working with us .  you will be provided with a script and all things needed to be successful .  this job may open up to include more work with more hours .  we are looking for someone who has the availability to dedicate 20 hours per week .  the ideal candidate will have some experience in recruiting and / or training .  we are looking to fill this position very soon .  we will not entertain bids from companies .  you must be an individual to apply .      update      must have the capability to make unlimited calls to the u . s .  must already have tools in place to begin work immediately .     must speak fluent english        must also be available between 8am and 5pm est      desired skills  admin assistant research telephone handling    
 i m building a database of recruiters in the us ,   ,  and i need someone to upload photos to the listings on my site .  you will be given a login and access to the site so there is no need to create a profile .  when you login the listings are already created in your profile .  you will need to click on the listings that bring you to the recruiters listing .  then click on the website url on the listing and find the company s facebook page and download the photo from their facebook page then upload it to the proper profile .  check out the link above to have a look at the site and get a good idea of what you will be doing .  there are roughly 900 listings that need photos .  please submit your bid .  desired skills  admin assistant computer skills data entry     
 hi this job is pretty simple but repetitive . i am looking for some one who can post the material i provide in to different crowdfunding websites . i will provide the websites and the material to post . this job will have ongoing assignments and money can be made on  .  the initial pay is very less ideal for a housewife or student who wants to make some pocket money . the commission on this job will be very high  .  so this is about fundraising you will be paid a commission based on amount raised 5 % and also a base 20 dollars for completing the postings . there will be close to 50 websites to post to so you will be paid 2 . 50 dollars for each website you post to i will give you login details . this is basically a copy and paste job after the first post if you understand .  future possibilities include    recruiter   data analysis and internet research  , from home oppurtunities with steady more base salary enough for you to be able to make good money .  a time frame to finish the job the job should not take more than a week ideally would prefer someone who can finish and report in 7 days .  for complete payment after verification is done at my end  .  please let me know your background  , country of origin and email for further communication . examples of future jobs would include . these are small and big assignments with variable pay ranging from 20  - 2000 dollars depending on the projects depends on how the first assignment is accomplished .  1 ) data analysis and research 2 ) enabling paypal on website 3 ) recruiting for companies in the usa .  4 ) customer service i am looking for some one long term so if you like to make staedy income from home you are a house wife and or student or just want to make pocket money please respond  .  you will be paid in full after completion of the project and will be given your next assighnment in a month from then .  looking forward to hearing from you  . to get started asap .  thank you saurav desired skills  recruiter data analytics research data entry com email paypal development customer service computer skills admin assistant     
one of our client is looking for clerk - recruited - ccr at monmouth junction nj job description  responsible for performing routine clerical duties in accordance with standard administrative procedures .  work hour 10 00 p . m .   -  6 30 a . m .     
 support the efficient and effective operation of the recruitment function by providing front line service to staff ,  external applicants and hiring authorities by promoting a positive client centered organizational culture .    generate and maintain paper and electronic personnel files and recruitment records  ( job posting files ,  travel expenses ,  and selection methods )  . image and index staff personnel documents . collect ,  verify ,  and audit form i - 9s . assist in the employee consultant / temporary employment process . complete onboarding activities including background investigations ,  new hire pafs ,  offer letters ,  and orientation . respond to inquiries and complaints received from faculty ,  staff ,  students ,  outside agencies ,  and the public  including obtaining and providing routine information about hr related policies and procedures . provide supervision and coordination of duties and work flow for assigned student employees and back - up supervision to students working the front desk . work with the recruitment team to identify training needs within the work unit ,  and provide on - the - job training of student support staff . administer the verification of employment process .    bachelor’s degree ,  preferably in business administration ,  human resource management ,  or related behavioral science field is required .      
 job function  the junior recruiter position is a great way to get your foot in the door to work in the recruiting industry .  learn how to  recruit physicians ,  physician assistants and nurse practitioners to work with the schumacher group for the purpose of providing staffing services to hospitals and clinics around the us .  as a junior recruiter you will learn how to source and screen candidates in order to provide schumacher group’s recruiters with viable and dependable candidate leads .  a complete training program will be provided .   job responsibilities    performs sourcing ,  and screening of physicians nationwide   builds and maintains a pipeline of candidates by recording candidate data in the schumacher group database   places cold telephone calls to achieve recruiting goals and to identify potential candidates for employment   uses various internet technologies to search and source candidates   provides printed information about schumacher group and employment opportunities to prospective physicians ,  physician assistants and nurse practitioners in order to recruit them   works collaboratively with other team members in order to support various recruiters and their regions   provider candidate marketing research  educational qualifications    bs / ba degree desired or equivalent work experience in sales or the medical industry  previous experience    recruiting ,  sales or staffing experience preferred  special skills    charismatic and energetic personality that will excel in cold calling and referral follow - up calls to physicians looking for work   strong decision - making / judgment skills   exceptional negotiation / persuasion skills   good computer skills  ( ms office ,  word - processing ,  spreadsheet ,  database management )    ability to work with minimal supervision / direction   ability to work well with deadlines and stressful situations   ability to thrive in a team environment  schumacher group provides competitive benefits and salaries to its employees and is committed to employee development and workplace satisfaction .   our current offerings ,  which may vary by employment status ,  location ,  and / or division ,  include     medical ,  dental and vision coverage   basic and supplemental employee life insurance   supplemental spouse and dependent life insurance   short term and long term disability   401 ( k )  plan with a company match   additional voluntary benefits such as cancer insurance ,  critical assist ,  medical gap coverage ,  and accident coverage   flexible spending accounts   employee assistance program   credit union   paid time off   paid holidays   employee discount programs   wellness assessment and activities  schumacher group is committed to excellent medicine ,  excellent service ,  and excellent business ,  all to be accomplished with excellent character .  we make ongoing investments in our most valuable asset ,  our people ,  through continuous learning and development .  we also support and encourage participation in a variety of community and charitable events .   the above list is a general listing of benefits that promote healthy living and work - life balance .  benefits may differ based on employment status ,  location ,  and division .      
 secure a paid hr recruiting internship with c&a industries ,  a national leader in the staffing industry and an omaha best places to work recipient in 2009 ,  2010 ,  2011 ,  2012 & 2013 .  we have an intern opening in our corporate human resources department at 136th & dodge .  work 20 - 25 hours per week  ( flexible scheduling available )  until next may or throughout the summer of 2014 with the potential to join c&a on a regular ,  full - time basis upon graduation .  you ll be engaged in a variety of corporate recruiting activities including    sourcing sales ,  recruiting ,  and administrative candidates .    attending job fairs / events .    assisting in college recruiting efforts .    screening applicants .    assisting with candidate interviews .    administering pre - employment assessments .    coordinating job posting content and managing job boards .    writing recruiting blogs .    working on projects with the hr director .    and more !  !  ideal candidates will be a junior or senior student at a nebraska college working toward a degree in human resources ,  communications ,  business administration ,  or marketing .  candidates will complete a series of assessments and interviews and must demonstrate the knowledge ,  skills ,  abilities ,  and competencies to work in the human resources profession .  we re looking to fill this internship asap ,  so apply today to be considered .  to apply ,  go to www . ca - industries . com and click on the   careers   link to connect to the job posting / e - application .  to learn more about c&a industries ,  visit our web page at  www . ca - industries . com position  human resources professional physical abilities  up to 10lbs to be considered for this opportunity ,  select  apply online  .  eoe  /  e - verify  /  aae     
 internship  ( unpaid )  recruitment coordinator charlotte ,  nc provide hr and administrative support to the director of staffing and the recruitment team .  assist with posting of all positions ,  maintain and update hr database ,  schedule all interviews ,  track all recruitment activity and create staffing reports on as needed basis ,  distribute candidate materials ,  complete background checks ,  assist the recruitment team with candidate communications ,  and other duties as assigned .  scope  the recruitment coordinator will coordinate and conduct a wide variety of recruitment related projects and activities of routine and complex nature  may handle full recruitments of assigned positions / departments and provide recruitment coverage in areas as needed .  collaborates with customer groups to evaluate short and long term staffing needs ,  critical to patient care needs in a way that promotes fiscal responsibility .  some of the duties include  posts positions on human resources applicant tracking software  ( ats )  and selected sites for advertising positions .  tracks all applications through the process by inputting each applicant on the applicant tracking log and files all applicants who have been rejected in a central file .  recruiting evaluates all candidate applications for minimum qualifications and prescreens qualified ,  competitive candidates supports all aspects of pre - employment activities completes reference checks .  collects and stores interview guides and interview electronically provide the candidate with the approved company application and related reading materials interview scheduling develop and coordinate timely interview schedules for candidates utilizing the clients  internal email calendar technology  ( usually using microsoft outlook )  . which includes  manage any schedule changes and modify the schedule accordingly .  email candidate resume  ( and any other required documents )  and interview schedule to the interview team and candidate .  communicate directly with candidates and coordinate all related travel arrangements following the corporate travel guidelines .  communicate with contingency agencies  ( when used )  and share interview schedule details and information accordingly schedule all preparation meetings  ( debriefs )  with the appropriate recruitment relationship manager create offer letters using the client s hr systems and obtain the necessary approvals .  ensure all information is accurately reflected and all supporting documentation is provided .  administrative processes expenses for the recruitment team and candidates manages and maintains recruitment files .  sends correspondence letters  ( postcards ,  offers and rejections .  coordinates employment job fairs .  additional recruitment support includes but is not limited to  responding to questions about the on - line application process and answering inquiries about the status of positions  facilitating / coordinating redeployment process  maintaining / tracking recruitment invoices  and advertising / marketing liaison .  marketing / creativity assists in development of brochures ,  flyers and advertisement for recruitment purposes .  responsible for identifying ,  preparing for and attending networking activities such as career fairs ,  professional association meetings ,  and high school ,  university / college events .  participate on teams to boost recruiting efforts and development innovative techniques to remain current in the market .  .   .  required skills include  required  3rd or 4th year college undergraduate student two or more years of administrative experience with at least 1 year in a professional environment .  excellent oral and written communication skills .  extreme detail orientation and ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously intermediate or advanced knowledge of microsoft office especially outlook ,  word and excel .  ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with external and internal clients and to work effectively with remote recruitment staff .  communicates in a courteous and professional manner .  ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality to apply for this role please submit your cv / resume to  tsims@ppmexec . com platinum plus management ,  llc is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse work force and a safe and healthy work environment for all employees .      
 sales and event planning representative  help save lives with your sales and event planning experience at the american red cross .   join our donor recruitment team to ensure there is an adequate blood supply for accident victims ,  premature babies and other hospital patients in central illinois heart of america region .   responsibilities include   ·         maintaining strong relationships with existing organizations that host blood drives in possible the following  adams & brown counties in illinois and marion county in missouri .   ·         finding new businesses ,  schools ,  houses of worship ,  etc .  ,  to coordinate blood drives and recruit blood donors  ·         creating territory - specific donor recruitment strategies  ·         partnering with local media ,  community event organizers  ·         educating groups in order to increase blood collections  the american red cross is looking for an individual who is   ·         dedicated to the mission and success of the american red cross  ·         able to work well independently with a strong sense of urgency  ·         dynamic and persuasive ,  a strong closer  ·         able to excel in challenging environments and adjust quickly to changing conditions  ·         self - disciplined and organized  ·         an engaging and enthusiastic public speaker  ·         an excellent communicator and able to motivate and persuade others  ·         flexible – the need for blood is constant and this position requires some evening ,  weekend and holiday work .   this is a goal - driven sales position with a competitive base salary and a healthy monthly incentive program .   the red cross offers an excellent work environment ,  a chance to make a meaningful difference in the community ,  and many opportunities for advancement and career development .   the red cross offers outstanding benefits   ·   medical·         dental ·         vision ·    automatic & matching 401k contribution·         403b savings plan ·         health savings account·         flexible spending account·         dependent care savings accounts·         very generous paid time off and much more  as an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer ,  well - qualified women ,  minorities ,  veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply .   to apply please visit our website  http  /  / www . americanredcross . apply2jobs . com reference requisition  ( bio36308 )   www . americanredcross . apply2jobs . com .  .  .    li - an1     
 hr college recruiting assistant  this is a great opportunity for a recent college grad or someone that is looking to get into hr .  coordinate the shipment of materials to career fairs and information sessions .  assist in scheduling on - campus interviews for fall recruiting season .  access schools on line posting system and pull resumes for review .  interface with hiring mangers and candidates to schedule home office interviews .  book travel for interviews ,  flights and hotel .  other hr administrative duties as needed .  experience required strong organizational skills .  ability to multi - task .  time management skills . should have experience with lotus notes email and calendar .  customer service skills .  prior experience scheduling interviews .  prior college recruiting experience a plus .  computer skill required ,  ms powerpoint ,  ms excel ,  ms word .  education required  bachelors degree hr college recruiting assistant     
 as our college recruiter ,  you ll support nike s internship and university programs to establish our brand as the employer of choice for emerging ,  diverse talent on college campuses .  the intended outcomes are to  ( 1 )  deliver a premium internship program   ( 2 )  source top diverse talent as interns and ftes .  you ll execute on the strategic vision of the nike intern program set in collaboration with the manager .  you ll set the program s calendar ,  gates and components - application deadlines ,  job postings ,  ten - week internship period ,  cfe schedule ,  etc .  you ll be responsible for all aspects of intern experience including   planning ,  preparation ,  and execution .  you ll execute on the high - level vision set in collaboration with the manager .  you ll manage partnerships with nike s core universities  both graduate ,  mba and undergraduate .  you ll research and report on the best means to tap into the university - relevant academic programs / majors ,  school initiatives ,  student orgs ,  and the athletic department .  you ll develop ongoing partnerships with career services ,  faculty and student organizations .  you ll identify ,  work with ,  and update passionate alumni and / or school stakeholders at nike who want to be involved in our partnerships .  you ll maintain an active contacts list to ensure continuity year to year .  you ll travel to serve as the nike representative for on - campus appearances .  you ll partner ,  where relevant ,  to identify unique classroom opportunities like nike guest speakers ,  nike case studies ,  etc .  you ll develop all communication materials used for on - campus efforts .  you ll source top talent from core campuses and serve as advocate for this talent internally at nike .  you ll maintain updated knowledge of changes and nuances in college programs and curriculums to better assist in candidate sourcing to meet business needs .  you ll manage partnerships with select organizational partners to enhance diverse college recruiting .  you ll manage data ,  requisitions and reporting related to college in taleo .  in addition ,  you ll maintain knowledge of nike s business and brand initiatives to drive internal and external credibility . 406229      ability to present and communicate with all levels of management and academia in order to create strong partnerships  experience communicating a corporate brand for the purposes of establishing and developing relationships with vendors and universities  strong organizational skills  demonstrated ability to effectively manage multiple projects and competing priorities we re interested in learning more about you and appreciate you taking the time to apply online .      
 position overview looking for a part - time job that provides meaningful work and competitive compensation ?  consider a position in a state farm agent s office .  responsibilities develop leads ,  schedule appointments ,  identify customer needs ,  and market appropriate products and services . establish .  .  .      
 when you become part of the kbr team ,  your opportunities are endless .  as a leading global engineering ,  construction ,  and services company ,  we support the energy ,  hydrocarbon ,  government services ,  minerals ,  civil infrastructure ,  power ,  industrial ,  and commercial markets on six continents .  serving our customers through diverse business segments ,  we offer challenging assignments on some of the world s largest and most complex projects where our clients have come to value us ,  because they know we deliver .   with more than 27 , 000 employees around the world ,  we deliver top - quality service and performance in engineering ,  construction ,  operations and maintenance ,  logistics and project management services to clients who entrust us with their most vital projects .   join us and you ll be part of a dynamic ,  elite team of professionals who understand what it takes to get a job done and has the experience ,  knowledge and determination to succeed .   kbr building group is a commercial construction services company uniquely positioned to meet short and long - term construction service needs .   the skills of our people and their teamwork orientation are reasons why building group professionals have been responsible for some of the most significant projects in our operating area and why we have long - term client relationships with many sought - after construction clients .  differentiating the building group is not only the experience of its people ,  but also an unwavering attention to technical expertise and preconstruction services .   kbr building group offers a variety of construction services and project delivery methods to meet the needs of our clients     construction management   design - build   general contracting   preconstruction   project management  position title– college recruiting  -  project engineer i / project intern  position description -   kbr building group is seeking project engineer i / project intern .   functional job responsibilities of the project engineer i will include but are not limited to   the project engineer is responsible for such duties as shop drawings and submittals ,  document control ,  quantity surveys ,  request for information  ( rfi )  ,  and material and equipment tracking and expediting .  this position assists and supports project management in duties such as change orders ,  scheduling ,  trade scoping and procurement ,  quality control ,  and cost accounting .  this position also is involved in field activities ,  working closely with the superintendent with design and constructability coordination and details ,  and is generally active in punch lists ,  warranties ,  and closeout documentation .  the project engineer also works closely with subcontractors and the designer regarding constructability details ,  coordination ,  and changes .   project engineer i is the entry level project management position .   principle areas of responsibility  in general ,  the primary areas of responsibility are   1 .  document management and design coordination  2 .  submittals and shop drawings  3 .  material and equipment expediting and monitor  4 .  change management  5 .  quantity surveys ,  bid packages scope of works ,  and procurement assistance  6 .  schedule updates and assistance  7 .  project quality control and quality assurance  general listing of job duties and responsibilities  the following is a general listing of job related duties .  this list is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties ,  responsibilities or skills required for this position .  these may be modified ,  added to ,  or eliminated for the specific requirements of the assigned project .   1 .  review design information and develop scopes of work to be purchased for all assigned items .  assist in evaluation and award of contracts .   2 .  monitor field construction to assure compliance with contract documents .  work with subcontractors ,  superintendent ,  and the design team to ensure coordination of construction details .  ensure compliance with quality requirements .   3 .  maintain all project documents including contract drawings ,  specifications ,  shop drawings ,  rfi’s ,  and distribute to needed parties such as field staff and subcontractors .   4 .  establish and expedite the submittal process .  review ,  approve and coordinate all submittals between subcontractors and design team .  ensure full compliance of contractual requirements of submittals ,  and document such .   5 .  change order management .  evaluate changes and initiate development of contract documents .  establish and maintain all change management documentation ,  including drawings ,  owner or design team directives ,  or any other notice .  compile and record all pricing ,  and assist project management as directed .  perform quantity surveys as needed .   6 .  material and equipment expediting .  maintain all logs to track and ensure timely deliveries of materials and equipment .   7 .  assemble close out manuals to include warranties ,  product samples ,  color schedules ,  shop drawings ,  vendor and sub lists ,  and replacement parts .   8 .  maintain all documentation required for assigned role ,  including correspondence ,  emails ,  meeting minutes ,  and reports .   9 .  work with project management and subcontractors to prepare a detailed project schedule .  monitor schedule and update with project management .  prepare look - ahead schedules .   10 .  participate in weekly subcontractor meetings as directed by project management .   11 .  maintain equipment rental log and monitor against equipment requirements log and equipment budget .  review and monitor small tool and expendables costs to budget .   education and experience  1 .  bs / ba degree in engineering ,  architecture ,  or construction management .    ( currently pursuing degree for project intern )   knowledge and skill requirements  1 .  competent with personal computer based scheduling software ,  word ,  excel ,  and spreadsheet applications ,  and any other specified computer software or program skills that will be required for the position .   kbr is an equal employment opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce  job construction management  primary location usa - nc - charlotte  other locations usa - fl - orlando ,  usa - tx - san antonio ,  usa - sc - greenvile ,  usa - va - vienna ,  usa - tx - houston     
 be remarkable and make a difference !  join the natural resources conservation service team and help conserve our nation s natural resources in partnership with america s land owners .   this is a recruitment notification only ,  not a job announcement .  we are posting this notification to let students learn whether nrcs is a good fit for them ,  and to notify potential applicants of our upcoming recruitment activities .   what is the natural resources conservation service ? natural resources conservation service  ( nrcs )  is known worldwide for its accomplishments and innovations in conservation .   the employees of nrcs are recognized for their talent ,  dedication ,  and ingenuity in making the agency s programs work as they take necessary steps to reduce erosion ,  protect wildlife ,  promote good land use ,  and other measures to preserve the nation s natural resources for future generations .   join us in protecting and conserving natural resources on america s private land .   to learn more and see why this is such a great place to work ,  visit our website  ( http  /  / nrcs . usda . gov /  )   how does the pathways internship program work .  .  .  .   students must be willing to work in any location in arkansas .   each selected student s initial work location will be determined at time of selection ,  and work locations will vary each summer as students return to work in the program .  applicants must be mobile to all locations throughout arkansas for initial placement ,  for each summer placement ,  and also for final placement if offered a permanent position upon graduation from college .   positions are full time in the summer and full - time upon successfully meeting the requirements for graduation and the qualifications for the target position .   students will be placed into non - pay status when they return to school each fall ,  then returned to work the following summer .   paid leave ,  life insurance benefits ,  health benefits ,  retirement benefits ,  and other federal benefits are available depending on work schedule .   housing subsidies and / or transportation costs may be offered .   students pursuing their bachelor s degree may be promoted up to the gs - 4 level as they progress through the program ,  and may be placed in permanent positions at either the gs - 5 or gs - 7 level  ( depending on qualifications )  when they graduate .   the full performance level for these positions is gs - 09 .   if converted to a permanent position ,  at management s discretion students may be non - competitively promoted to that level when eligible .   however ,  progression to that level is neither guaranteed nor required .   advancement is dependent upon successful performance in the position and satisfaction of time - in - grade and qualification requirements .   this program is intended for students interested in long - term ,  permanent employment only .   if you are interested in short - term employment or summer employment ,  please check for other opportunities advertised on the usajobs website at http  /  / www . usajobs . gov /  .    the trainee positions advertised are developmental positions designed to provide intensive and specialized training in the field of work related to the student s major field of study .   work will become increasingly more complex as the student masters skills and assignments and progresses through the program .   soil conservationist duties  as a soil conservationist student trainee you will spend time in both the office and in a field environment assisting other nrcs employees in offering conservation planning and technical assistance to landowners and landusers .  you will learn about nrcs conservation activities and programs ,  and the many ways we work to conserve the soil ,  improve air and water quality ,  manage nutrients ,  restore wetlands ,  and protect and improve wildlife habitat .  some of your duties will include gathering and assembling data for use in basic conservation plans  performing surveys used for design and preliminary layout work  utilizing technical tools to achieve conservation objectives  and participating in the inspection of existing construction projects .    nrcs pathways program candidates will meet the qualification requirements consistent with opm qualification standards applicable to the position being filled .   for gs - 03  completion of 1 academic year of post - high school study  for gs - 04  completion of 2 academic years of post - high school study or associate s degree  note  an academic year of undergraduate education is defined as 30 semester hours ,  45 quarter hours ,  or the equivalent in an accredited college or university .   the required education must lead to a bachelor s degree with specialization in a directly related field to the position in which the student trainee will participate in the intern program .   the degree of specialization in this field must satisfy on graduation the specific educational requirements in the qualification standard for the corresponding position .   in order to be considered for non - competitive conversion upon graduation applicants will be required to meet the following education requirements .   soil conservation ,  gs - 0457 ,  education requirements   degree  soil conservation or related agricultural or natural resource discipline such as agronomy ,  soil science ,  forestry ,  agricultural engineering .   the study must have included 30 semester hours in a natural resource or agricultural field ,  including at least 12 semester hours in a combination of soils and crops or plant science .   of the 12 semester hours ,  a minimum of 3 semester hours must have been in soils and 3 semester hours in crops or plant science .   unofficial transcripts are required to verify educational claims .   all academic degrees and course work must be completed at a college or university that has obtained accreditation from an accrediting body recognized by the u . s .  department of education .   for a list of schools that meet this criteria ,  see http  /  / www . ed . gov /  .   many nrcs positons have specific educational requirements ,  so we encourage you to provide a complete description of your educational achievements .   courses of study closely related to soil conservation    - agronomy   - soil science   - crop science   - plant science   - natural resources conservation   - range management   - range ecology & management   - forestry   - agricultural discipline   - natural science discipline  foreign education — education completed outside of the united states must be deemed equivalent to that gained in conventional / accredited u . s .  education programs to be acceptable for federal employment .  applicants must submit all necessary documents to a private u . s .  organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign educational credentials ,  commonly called a credential evaluation service when they apply for positions in order for the foreign education to be considered as a part of the qualification requirements or for positive education requirements .   pathways program requirements for an internship with arkansas nrcs   a .  be a united states citizen .   b .  be at least 16 years old .   c .  have at least a cumulative gpa 2 . 9  -  3 . 0 or higher is preferred .  students must maintain at least a 2 . 0 to remain eligible for the program .   d .  be enrolled and seeking a degree  ( diploma ,  certificate ,  etc )  in a qualifying education institution  ( high school ,  home school programs ,  vocational or technical )  on a full or half - time basis .   d .  be pursuing a baccalaureate or graduate degree in one of the academic majors or related fields listed above .  must be enrolled in an accredited college or university on at least a half - time basis as defined by the college or university .   how you will be evaluated   basis of rating  your application will be evaluated and rated under the category rating and selection procedures .  your resume must support your responses to the occupational questionnaire .  we will review your resume and supporting documentation and compare this information to your responses on the occupational questionnaire to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications for this position .  if you are basically qualified for this position ,  we will evaluate your application package ,  using a panel of subject - matter experts or hr specialist to assess the quality ,  depth ,  and complexity of your accomplishments ,  experience ,  and education as they relate to the critical knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities for the position .  we will then place you in one of the following categories and only those in the best qualified category will be referred to the hiring manager for further consideration .   best qualified  applicants possess all of the job related competencies identified as important for successful job performance .   well - qualified  applicants possesses a majority  ( i . e .  ,  more than half )  of the job related competencies needed for successful job performance .   qualified  applicants meets the basic eligibility and minimum qualification requirements ,  but does not meet the definition of well - qualified or best qualified describe above .   candidates will meet the qualification requirements consistent with the opm qualification standards applicable to the position being filled .   veteran s preference applies to all selections made under the pathways program authority in accordance with part 302 of 5 cfr .   candidates who meet the minimum qualifcation requirements need not be further evaluated  however ,  if no further evaluation is done ,  qualified veterans have preference .   if candidates are further evaluated using nrcs s category rating process ,  qualified veterans have absolute preference within the appropriate category .          this is a recruitement notice only ,  not a job announcement .  an actual job announcement may be posted on usajobs in the future which will allow students who will meet applicable requriements ,  and who are truly interested in making nrcs a career ,  to apply  ( using an online application process )  .   while waiting for an announcement to open ,  we encourage you to learn more about nrcs and the careers we have to offer .  to do that ,  we suggest you visit our website at   http  /  / www . nrcs . usda . gov .  .  .   to learn more about the nrcs in arkansas please visit http  /  / www . ar . nrcs . usda . gov  to learn more about the pathways program and other opportunities with the u . s .  department of agriculture we recommend you also visit the usda website at http  /  / www . usda . gov / wps / portal / usda / usdahome  representatives from arkansas nrcs plan to attend the following career fairs and recruitment events .  we encourage all interested students to stop by and talk to us in person if possible !   university of arkansas all majors career fair on thursday ,  september 19 ,  2013  university of arkansas at pine bluff career fair on wednesday ,  october 2 ,  2013  arkansas state university all majors career fair on tuesday ,  october 15 ,  2013  arkansas tech university all majors career fair on wednesday ,  october 16 ,  2013  texarkana usa chamber of commerce 15th annual college and career fair at texas a&m university at texarkana on wednesday ,  october 16 and thursday october 17 ,  2013 .   note  this announcement may be updated as other recruitment events are added .   required documents   not applicable .   agency contact info   alicia wyles phone   ( 501 ) 301 - 3180 email  alicia . wyles@ar . usda . gov  agency information  usda nrcs central 700 w capitol ave little rock ,  ar 72201 usa  what to expect next   not applicable     
 recruiting intern tracking code 310090 - 798 job description the recruiting intern will work directly with the talent acquisition team to provide front line support by providing excellent internal and external customer service .  by the end of the internship ,  the intern will have gained experience in many faucets of recruiting from day to day employee relations to helping implementing corporate wide recruiting initiatives .  this role is expected to have a great deal of exposure to senior leaders in the organization as well as field recruiting / human resources leaders .  because of this ,  the intern must have a great deal of professionalism and the ability to maintain confidential information .  to be successful ,  the candidate will be a self - starter who is naturally curious and willing to take the initiative on improving processes and procedures .  job location stamford ,  connecticut ,  united states position type full - time / regular for more details see online url 310090dash798 selfdashstarter fulldashtime recruitingslashhuman timeslashregular     
   -  -  -  previous job  next job  -  -  -    thank you for your interest in a career at power .     once you have the interview ,  you know .    that s what most of our employees say when asked why they initially decided to start a career at power .  why ?  we re just different .  we re 1 , 200 personalities from all walks of life who actually love what we do ,  respect the people we work with ,  and want to see each other succeed .  and because all of these people feel different about their job ,  we ve been able to grow our revenue year over year for the past two decades  -  including a 900% increase within the past six years and the title of 3 - time inc .  5000 fastest growing company .  and because being different works for us and has helped to create unprecedented opportunity ,  we re expanding nationwide while promoting from within to ensure the same dynamic culture travels with us .  a culture of difference makers  -  each helping power achieve the   top workplace   in our territories for the past several years ,  rivaling the world s most recognizable brands in terms of technology ,  green collar jobs and overall success .   so be different .  take the interview .  you ll know .  learn more .  review primary position responsibilities below .   recruiting intern needed to help with internet research ,  candidate sourcing and screening for recruiters .   looking for candidates that can work 20 hours a week during the school year and into the summer months .   in this role ,  the recruiting intern will be responsible for presenting candidates to the internal recruiting team via the use of monster ,  careerbuilder ,  linkedin as well as various niche resume resources .   • successfully source and pre - screen qualified applicants for the staffing needs of all business units and all locations • participate in recruiting process and work closely with recruiters to ensure effectiveness of plans • accompany recruiters to meetings with hiring managers and assist with creative sourcing ideas / strategies • assist with candidate selection process  ( review and selection of candidates )  .  • accurately report and track candidate data as requested .  • perform administrative tasks as assigned  additional information  required education and experience • an articulate and professional demeanor • self motivation and discipline • an ambitious and competitive nature • excellent communication ,  organizational and interpersonal skills • comfort with public speaking • resourceful problem solving abilities • highly evolved customer service skills  submit your resume now  send this job to a friend  power home remodeling group isÊan equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce .      
 your qualifications   -  previous experience as an administrative assistant preferred  -  broadband internet connection  -  strong understanding of internet and online communication tools  -  ability to multitask and take on multiple projects  -  ability to meet deadlines  -  strong english communications skills and attention to detail a must  -  a complete elance profile  -  references or an established reputation on elance preferred job description  i m looking for a virtual assistant to help me research online .  your responsibilities   -  data analysis / entry into excel ,  word or other programs  -  research using the internet or other information databases  -  outbound calling to clients ,  vendors or others  -  travel planning and coordination  -  other miscellaneous tasks that can be performed online  -  must be accessible ,  online and on elance work view during agreed - upon office hours desired skills  english microsoft word report writing admin assistant research     
 decatur client is looking for a junior reports developer to join their team for a 6 month contract to permanent opportunity .  this is a great opportunity for someone that wants to move into database management .  upon conversion to permanent staff ,  salary up to $55k .  this position offers the opportunity for significant upward mobility .  responsibilities  utilizes sql to extract data from multiple databases to create reports .  eventually will be responsible for database administration ,  data consolidation ,  data analysis ,  and management reporting .  utilizes software to generate metrics and develops actionable recommendations .  provides support to research teams or management by collecting and analyzing data and reporting results .  collaborates with various function teams such as marketing ,  research ,  and it to achieve business results .  required skills  1 - 3 years experience maintaining microsoft sql server database and generating reports using tools such as ssis ,  crystal reports ,  sql ,  and transact - sql .  while you are on contract ,  matrix offers a comprehensive benefits package including a choice of medical plans ,  dental ,  vision ,  life ,  disability and we subsidize up to 70% of the cost !  application requirements client will not accept subcontractors you must be authorized to work in the u . s .  on a full - time basis .  required qualifications  transactsql ssrs crystal reports sql server sql benefits / perks medical dental vision and life insurance for full - time w2 consultants .  supplemental disability and long - term care insurance dependent care assistance .  401 ( k )  with roth feature .  free e - learning courses about matrix whatever your career destination ,  we re how you get there .  for more than 27 years ,  matrix has placed talented contract and permanent it professionals like yourself at thousands of top - notch organizations throughout the u . s .  ,  ranging from fortune 50 to small it shops across all industries .  matrix surrounds you with personal services from assistance with your resume and interviewing skills ,  to background information on the companies you will interview with ,  and more .  once you are onboard as a matrix consultant ,  we offer outstanding benefits ,  a 401 ( k )  program  ( or plan )  ,  discounted training ,  and other valuable incentives .  apply today at matrix .  please note  your resume will never be submitted to a client company without your prior knowledge and consent to do so .      
 disney professional internships  labor operations reporting professional internship  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .   department overview  what does it take to pull off the disney guest service standards ?  how does an operation as large as the walt disney world® resort give the appearance of running so seamlessly ?  a disney professional internship in labor operations provides insight into these questions ,  giving interns not only the experience of working for a fortune™ 100 company to add to their resume ,  but also the organization and partnering skills that can only come from real - world experience .   labor operations focuses on all aspects of labor management ,  ensuring that operations are sufficiently staffed to deliver the company’s guest service standards .    may include ,  but are not limited to     support the reporting team by assisting with ongoing analysis of labor metrics    assess data sources for accuracy    assist in the deployment of labor reporting    help develop solutions to ad hoc requests from our partners    maintain and update any documentation regarding changes to existing practices    partner with other labor teams ,  finance and operations to support line of business initiatives ,  including providing labor metrics or creating automated processes and workflows    project manage selected work efforts ,  which may include working closely with west coast operations or presentations to executives     currently earning a college / university degree in management information systems ,  computer science or related field as a second year student or above    3 . 0 overall gpa or above    strong skills in object oriented programming  ( c# ,  c ,  java )     strong skills with relational databases  ( sql )     demonstrated strong interpersonal skills    demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills    demonstrated strong analytical ,  problem solving and decision - making skills    willingness to learn new software applications  additional information internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   application deadline  the deadline to apply for this internship is october 2 ,  2013 .   attention international students   if you are currently studying in the united states on an f - 1 or j - 1 visa and do not have a social security number ,  please contact our office at 407 - 828 - 1736 prior to applying .   recommendation – print this role description  strong candidates may be invited to complete a phone interview .  we strongly encourage applicants to print a copy of this role description so they can refer to it in the event they are selected for a phone interview .  note that this role description will not be accessible once the posting is closed on october 2 ,  2013 . apply     
 north dallas company is looking for one full time customer service representative . the candidate must have one or more years in a customer service or call center role ,  working directly with clients .  you must have outstanding verbal and written communication skills ,  data entry ,  experience in searching for information on the internet ,  excellent problem solving and analytical skills . you will be responsible for building and maintaining solid customer relations ,  and build rapport with professionalism and outstanding customer service .  you will have responsibility for conducting criminal ,  education ,  and references contacts for potential candidates who will be working for a number of companies throughout the u . s .  bi - lingual skills are a plus ,  as well as the ability to review and analyze court and legal records .  primary functions  - review and release completed candidate background reports - answer client questions via phone ,  fax and e - mail document and resolve issues in a timely manner - handle investigations requested by clients and applicants - key customer support contact for assigned customer base - handle high level customer inquiries and interface with national account  - executives ,  employment operations and marketing to resolve questions and problems     
 a direct client in miami ,  fl is looking for a junior reporting analyst for a 3 month contract to hire position .  all candidates must be able to work in the us without need of sponsorship scope of work  the revenue management development and systems team is responsible for all data ,  decision tools ,  reporting and information needs for the revenue management and air / sea teams .  the technical analyst assists in supporting the team s database ,  jobs and reports .  serves as contact person for the department to help explain the tools and data results .  essential duties and responsibilities    assist in developing ,  implementing and maintaining revenue management systems ,  business intelligence reporting and user tools .  update current modeling and pl / sql coding techniques for changing business patterns ,  to reduce error and improve efficiency .    develop new reporting by creating new queries or coding new processes .  work closely with the revenue management and air / sea teams to understand their business ,  challenges and objectives .    learn to determine user requirements ,  develop own suggestions to meet their reporting needs ,  develop the tool or report and work with teams to ensure it meets their needs and provides relevant ,  actionable revenue or air / sea related information in the most effective format and medium .    respond to ad - hoc data and analysis needs while supporting various projects .  learn the db2 and data warehouse systems in order to pull various data sets required for exception reporting ,  operational reports or ad hoc analyses .    respond to ad - hoc data and analysis needs while supporting various projects .  learn the db2 and data warehouse systems in order to pull various data sets required for exception reporting ,  operational reports or ad hoc analyses .    continuously search for potential business improvements ,  revenue opportunity and efficiency gains .    clearly explain tools and results to teams and management .  develop and conduct clear ,  concise presentations ,  communicating technical methods and impacts in business terms .    performs other duties as required .  qualifications    master s degree in mis ,  industrial engineering ,  or statistics preferred .    bachelor s degree from four - year college or university required  ( in mis ,  computer science ,  industrial engineering or statistics helpful )  .    2+ years of work experience in related field preferred ,   ( ie data warehousing ,  it or revenue systems )    equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered .    strong quantitative ,  analytical and problem solving skills .    demonstrated ability to develop and implement applications using a programming language ,  especially pl / sql .    familiarity with sql required .  experience in  . net ,  sabre ,  amadeus desired .    experience in supporting and interpreting reporting using access or business intelligence tools  ( hyperion experience a plus )  .    ability to handle dynamic workload ,  balancing short and long term projects .    ability to interpret analytical results into meaningful business terms and translate business needs to programming and data modeling .    ability to communicate clearly and effectively to business and technical audiences in both spoken and written formats .    must possess a strong reality check ability .  please send your resume to john hunt at jhunt@arcgonline . com for a complete listing of all our jobs please visit http  /  / www . arcgonline . com .  .  .      
 like us on facebook     follow us on twitter     check your linkedin network for connections at gdit  junior cnd incident report analyst in chantilly ,  virginia as a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years ,  general dynamics information technology provides information technology  ( it )  ,  systems engineering ,  professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense ,  federal civilian government ,  health ,  homeland security ,  intelligence ,  state and local government and commercial sectors .  with approximately 21 , 000 professionals worldwide ,  the company delivers it enterprise solutions ,  manages large - scale ,  mission - critical it programs and provides mission support services .  general dynamics information technology is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer .   gdit is looking for qualified candidates to work on a multi - year program as a junior cnd incident report analyst ,  in the chantilly area .   bachelors degree in computer science and or a related technical discipline and at least 1 year of relevant experience  , or the equivalent combination of education ,  professional training or work experience .   position duties and responsibilities  the junior cnd incident report analyst works with senior team members and receives data about and performs further analysis on incidents that are escalated from the cnd watch to include suspicious cyber activity reports  ( scars )  .  develops ,  refines ,  and performs advanced analysis techniques to uncover new or potential incidents .  analysis techniques may be refined into training and process improvements that are promulgated back to the cnd watch for sustained operations .  performs in - depth analysis techniques to uncover new or potential incidents .  analysis techniques may be refined into training and process improvements that are promulgated back to the cnd watch for sustained operations .  performs in - depth analysis and recommends defensive and proactive measures to thwart potential and malicious activity or inappropriate use by any internal or external entity to include  conducting malicious code activity analysis ,  determining the effects on a system or the network ,  assisting in gathering potential evidence for law enforcement ,  etc .  helps prepare incident reports of analysis .  methodology and results .  maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned and participates in special projects as required .   security + or higher  -  8570 certification required or to be able to obtain after hire .   required skills  the successful candidate will have strong verbal and written communication skills and will have 1 - 5 years related experience in data security administration .   desired skills  net + ,  security + ,  experience with this client .  desire to exceed customer expectations ,  desire to advance in one s career ,  strong commitment to program goals and deliverables .   because of the sensitive nature of the work being done for this government client ,  all candidates must hold a ts / sci and be willing to take and pass a ci polygraph if requested .   this is a shift position rotating from days to nights every three months and vice versa .  the schedule is 6am - 6pm  ( days )  ,  and 6pm - 6am  ( nights )  ,  2 days on ,  3 days off ,  3 days on ,  2 days off .  this schedule will work every other weekend .   additional information relocation no security clearance level  top - secret security clearance basis  sensitive compartmented information  ( sci )  security clearance polygraph none job id number 214957 . 1 job function information technology potential for deployment no take action submit your profile add job to cart    |    send this job to a friend    |    create a job search agent if you have already submitted a profile and would like to check your status ,  update your information ,  or even submit for more positions ,  please login to our candidate portal if you are having difficulty with the online job search or resume submission process ,  please view our f . a . q .  for assistance .   redisplay results       search again general dynamics information technology is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer .      
 position summary   assist the controller with property acquisition and divestitures ,  whiting usa trust i and trust ii financial reporting  ( sec registrants )  ,  undeveloped leasehold and technical accounting matters .   job duties include but are not limited to   acquisition / divestiture accounting    oversee all accounting aspects of o&g property acquisition and divestitures   responsible for certain execution matters related to property acquisition / divestitures   perform settlement statement due diligence when necessary   responsible for purchase price allocation and related valuations for major acquisitions   oversee undeveloped leasehold accounting matters as needed   review certain general ledger account reconciliations  external financial reporting    review 10 - q / k and supporting schedules for whiting’s two royalty trust sec registrants   work with auditors ,  lawyers and trustee on filing documents   ensure successful execution of trusts’ sec filings by regulatory deadlines   review edgarized financial statements   review trusts’ quarterly production accruals prepared for reserves dept .    review quarterly calculations of trust distributions to unitholders and related trust press releases  technical accounting    draft new financial statement footnotes as necessary   research financial statement disclosure requirements   drafting of certain technical accounting memos  qualifications     minimum 5 years public accounting  ( manager - level )    certified public accountant   oil and gas experience highly preferred   sec filing experience preferred   experience in industry a plus   meticulous ,  detail - oriented ,  good people skills & positive attitude   superior communication skills and able to operate effectively in a teamwork - oriented environment  job / office conditions   ·         must be comfortable with a typical office setting  o    indoor environment  o    lighting is typical for an office setting  o    computer work is required  safety concerns   ·         will be seated up to 80% of the time  ·         dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard ,  mouse ,  and to handle other computer components     
 at wellmark we strive to offer meaningful work that assists in your professional development and provides value to the team  you will come away from this internship at wellmark having polished your technical  skills as well as your communication and interpersonal skills .   in this position you will gain first - hand experience working on projects ,  which includes the new asset tracking system implementation project .  this includes testing appropriate spreadsheet controls included in the numerous excel applications utilized by the financial accounting and reporting teams .  the individual will gain extensive experience with excel spreadsheets as well as an understanding of appropriate internal controls over financial results .   the individual will also gain experience communicating with various levels within the organization to accomplish results .       this internship will start in may of 2014 .    current student in accouting ,  math ,  finance ,  or related major . demonstrated skills with microsoft excel . excellent written and verbal communication skills . ability to analyze and organize data in a consistent and logical fashion .      
 innovation that excites .   it s the inspiration for everything we do .  for nissan ,  it means rethinking the ordinary ,  pushing the boundaries ,  exceeding expectations ,  and anticipating the needs of an ever - changing planet .  every nissan and infiniti vehicle is a result of this passionate mindset ,  yet with a practical side that reflects the times .  this means driving enjoyment rooted in the highest standard of engineering and quality ,  and fresh ,  modern design matched by manufacturing excellence .  the same philosophy also drives our look to the future ,  through low emissions ,  better fuel economy and emerging role of all - electric vehicles .  all dedicated to innovative solutions ,  for different  -  and better  -  ways to do things .   at nissan north america ,  we are dedicated to achieving key priorities including strengthening our brand power ,  increasing sales power ,  enhancing quality ,  optimizing zero - emission leadership ,  accelerating business expansion ,  and reducing cost .   we believe our employees and the different perspectives that they bring to the business are the driving force behind our success .   we invite you to discover a company that is focused on the quality of our vehicles ,  the environment ,  the community and the world in which we live .   we are looking for self - motivated students who want to challenge themselves ,  test their skills ,  develop their talents ,  and discover their full potential .   the nissan intern program is an integral component and the first step of our commitment to our employees  long -  term personal and professional development .   all nissan internships will offer students the ability to apply classroom studies while networking with professionals and gaining valuable experience .   the summer intern program will be 12 weeks long and offer competitive pay and an opportunity to discuss your project with top executives .   project description   the intern in this position will assist with the following accounting processes   · remarketing  -  lke audit  · asset backed securities  · review genpact’s process for the lke via the audit process .   · internal control analysis and compliance with statement of work .   · asset backed securities journal entries and process improvement .   · efficiencies  qualifications     must be able to function autonomously in a fast - paced ,  dynamic environment with limited direct supervision and be able to provide clear recommendations and feedback   excellent written and oral communication skills   proficient in excel ,  powerpoint and microsoft word   advanced accounting experience  education   · must currently be enrolled in school  ·  must be pursuing an accounting degree               finance     
 the superior group is seeking a highly experienced title report and policy typist need for busy abstract company  -  commercial on a 3 month contract with the possibility of going direct with our client in melville ,  ny .  responsibilities include but are not limited to all phases of report and policy production ,  coordinating closings ,  title invoices and general customer support .  knowledge of tracker pro system a plus .  responsibilities include     provide detailed service that exceeds clients  expectations    proactively perform the administrative tasks to support title officer ,  including but not limited to all phases of report and policy production ,  coordinating closings ,  title invoices and other administrative tasks .  go beyond .  www . superiorjobs . com .  eoe m / f / d / v required skills  /  qualifications  10 year title lease / typist experience high school diploma preferred skills  /  qualifications  data entry skills ,  word processing  ,  thoroughness ,  supply management ,  organization ,  typing ,  attention to detail ,  decision making ,  informing others ,  internal communications ,  results driven     
 job overview responsible for assessing customer s needs in a local retail store location  educates them by helping them understand the benefit of available services and communicates advantages to consumers .  assists customers and drives sales of comcast s services including hdtv ,  high speed internet ,  and digital telephone services .  sells the best possible solution to meet individual needs and delivers superior experience to customers every day .   tasks  -  interfaces with customers  advises customers and answers questions relating to products ,  services ,  billing ,  and all other issues and concerns .  demonstrates a strong understanding of company products and services .   -  evaluates customers  potential product needs and makes appropriate recommendations .  effectively communicates and demonstrates a high level of comfort selling company products and services .   -  informs customer of products and pricing models ,  as well as competitive advantages .  corrects customer billing discrepancies ,  prepares work orders ,  arranges for service appointments ,  and ensures appropriate follow - up procedures are met .   -  meets and exceeds sales goals within the guidelines established by local market .  reports daily on the number of sales contacts and other metrics ,  as required .   -  participates in required events held on weekends and / or weekdays .   -  regular ,  consistent and punctual attendance .  must be able to work nights and weekends ,  variable schedule ( s )  and overtime as necessary .   -  other duties and responsibilities as assigned .    -  high school or equivalent  -  generally requires 0 - 2 years related experience  comcast is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action / drug - free workplace employer .   begin the process     
 financial analyst -  reporting tracking code 2153 job description the financial analyst is responsible for any combination of financial and business information and analysis in support of the company  s annual planning ,  forecasting ,  and reporting processes .  involves support for all corporate reporting processes including executive committee review presentations ,  board of directors presentations and bank reporting requirements .  performs competitor and industry analysis and supports special projects that are aligned with the company  s business objectives .  job responsibilities    financial analyst position works under minimal supervision .    responsible for working with accounting to ensure the integrity of our financial results at month end close and understanding the performance drivers of our business as compared to prior year ,  budget ,  and forecast .    required to provide support for executive committee review and board of directors meetings ,  work on special projects for cfo / senior business team leaders that are in alignment with company - wide goals and sometimes make recommendations to senior and executive level management .    will support the preparation of bank reporting materials as required by agreements with our lenders .    will develop thorough understanding of our senior credit facility agreement including but not limited to ,  reporting requirements ,  terms of the agreement ,  covenants ,  collateral eligibility etc…   will support efforts for raising capital and executing on strategic acquisitions .    will develop a strong technical understanding of our business intelligence software  ( microstrategy )  .    involved in the annual budgeting and quarterly business forecasting processes .  required skills   highly proficient in microsoft applications -   ( excel ,  powerpoint ,  word )  .    proven competency in database environments  ( access ,  sql )  .    knowledgeable in budgeting ,  planning ,  reporting and consolidations systems a plus .    strong understanding of financial concepts such as eva ,  dcf and variance analysis .    strong understanding of gaap accounting .    self starter with strong teamwork skills and ability to develop relationships with key stakeholders across functional areas .    excellent communication skills ,  including ability to tailor communication to the audience -  e . g .  executive and staff level .    meticulous attention to detail is required   undergraduate degree in accounting ,  finance or business .  mba ,  cpa or cma is a plus .    experience in building complex financial models  ( i . e .  pro - forma financial statements )  in support of company initiatives and / or the budget / forecast / planning process for sales / marketing / supply chain operations is a plus   experience with hyperion is preferred .    experience with production of executive level presentations is a plus .    experience with microstrategy software is a plus .  job location norcross ,  georgia ,  united states position type full - time / regular     
 job overview responsible for assessing customer s needs in a local retail store location  educates them by helping them understand the benefit of available services and communicates advantages to consumers .  assists customers and drives sales of comcast s services including hdtv ,  high speed internet ,  and digital telephone services .  sells the best possible solution to meet individual needs and delivers superior experience to customers every day .   tasks  -  interfaces with customers  advises customers and answers questions relating to products ,  services ,  billing ,  and all other issues and concerns .  demonstrates a strong understanding of company products and services .   -  evaluates customers  potential product needs and makes appropriate recommendations .  effectively communicates and demonstrates a high level of comfort selling company products and services .   -  informs customer of products and pricing models ,  as well as competitive advantages .  corrects customer billing discrepancies ,  prepares work orders ,  arranges for service appointments ,  and ensures appropriate follow - up procedures are met .   -  meets and exceeds sales goals within the guidelines established by local market .  reports daily on the number of sales contacts and other metrics ,  as required .   -  participates in required events held on weekends and / or weekdays .   -  regular ,  consistent and punctual attendance .  must be able to work nights and weekends ,  variable schedule ( s )  and overtime as necessary .   -  other duties and responsibilities as assigned .    -  high school or equivalent  -  generally requires 0 - 2 years related experience  comcast is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action / drug - free workplace employer .   begin the process     
 job overview responsible for assessing customer s needs in a local retail store location  educates them by helping them understand the benefit of available services and communicates advantages to consumers .  assists customers and drives sales of comcast s services including hdtv ,  high speed internet ,  and digital telephone services .  sells the best possible solution to meet individual needs and delivers superior experience to customers every day .   tasks  -  interfaces with customers  advises customers and answers questions relating to products ,  services ,  billing ,  and all other issues and concerns .  demonstrates a strong understanding of company products and services .   -  evaluates customers  potential product needs and makes appropriate recommendations .  effectively communicates and demonstrates a high level of comfort selling company products and services .   -  informs customer of products and pricing models ,  as well as competitive advantages .  corrects customer billing discrepancies ,  prepares work orders ,  arranges for service appointments ,  and ensures appropriate follow - up procedures are met .   -  meets and exceeds sales goals within the guidelines established by local market .  reports daily on the number of sales contacts and other metrics ,  as required .   -  participates in required events held on weekends and / or weekdays .   -  regular ,  consistent and punctual attendance .  must be able to work nights and weekends ,  variable schedule ( s )  and overtime as necessary .   -  other duties and responsibilities as assigned .    -  high school or equivalent  -  generally requires 0 - 2 years related experience  comcast is an equal employment opportunity / affirmative action / drug - free workplace employer .   begin the process     
 urs is seeking a transportation engineer intern to assist the senior transportation engineers with day to day functions .  responsibilities include field data collection ,  traffic analysis ,  and technical report writing .   other duties as assigned .      
 the national republican senatorial committee is seeking interns to fill positions for the fall of 2013 .  the nrsc offers an exciting and fast paced environment with firsthand experience in finance ,  financial regulations ,  fec reports ,  and campaigns .  there are many events ,  networking opportunities ,  and fundraisers available to meet others and learn first - hand how politics is run .  all nrsc internships are unpaid ,  and applicants should preferably be juniors or seniors in college .      
 public relations internship position at uniqlo !   operating within fast retailing  ( http  /  / www . fastretailing . com .  .  .  /  .    we currently have an exceptional opportunity available for a highly motivated candidate supporting our corporate office in the meatpacking district as a public relations intern .  qualified individuals would be responsible for day to day administrative functions including but not limited to   assist in sample trafficking organize media clips and coverageassist in showroom maintenance assist in daily activities including events assist with fashion media on product placement additional ad hoc projects with marketing department when needed  why you should join our team flexible schedule  ( 40 )  hours per week  ( 9am – 6pm ,  monday – friday ) depending on your college / university coursework ,  credits may be applicable4th largest retailer in the world ! ability learn various lines of the business within a growing ,  billion dollar companywe are expanding to 200 stores in the us by 2020 !            our amazing csr initiatives !  watch this video to learn more  http  /  / www . uniqlo . com / en / csr / recycle /    must be enrolled in an accredited four  ( 4 )  year higher education institution and have completed your sophomore year .  minimum one  ( 1 )  year professional experience in an office settingexcellent organization skillsmust be proficient in microsoft office ,  especially outlook ,  word ,  excel and powerpoint previous experience in the apparel industry a plus  for consideration please apply through our website  https  /  / careers - uniqlo . icims . com / jobs / 1354 / public - relations - intern / job     
 who we are   at athleta ,  we re inspired by all the women athletes who continually push themselves to be their best .  that s why we design the ultimate performance apparel for everyone from the weekend warrior to the committed yogini to the fiercely - driven competitive athlete .   we re looking for people who find inspiration in the same things we do .  like community ,  participation ,  empowering others ,  working as a team ,  never forgetting that work isn t work without a little play .  and ,  of course ,  being a part of something bigger .   power to the she .   general summary  this internship supports the retail merchandising team and is a great opportunity to learn ,  be involved and participate in athleta’s tremendous growth .   with such growth ,  you’ll have the opportunity to jump in on a variety of projects in our fun ,  fast paced ,  ever changing environment .   job description     ability to be the department’s data base guru   responsible for maintaining the accuracy of athleta’s assortment planning tool   pulling and analyzing weekly sales information   communicating assortment changes to your cross - functional partners on a timely basis .    responsible for managing and tracking our accessories samples   assist in the development of the product assortment ,  key item positioning ,  and ensuring that the collection is compelling ,  commercially viable and supports overall business objectives .    attend cross functional meetings and class reviews   stay aware of changes in brand assortments and strategies  qualifications  ·         love product !   ·         whiz on excel and / or other databases  ·         outstanding organizational skills and the ability to multi - task  ·         impeccable attention to detail  primary location us - ca - petaluma  part - time  gid  -  merchandising     
 • part time engineering student intern position  ( 15 - 20 hours preferred )   • assist with reports ,  redlines and simple sketches  • develop and modify engineering drawings  • may perform engineering calculations and field work      • proficiency in autocad  • excellent written and verbal communication skills  • excellent interpersonal skills  • strong problem - solving and math skills     
 disney professional internships  management internship  -  retail  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .    management interns lead with a positive attitude and demonstrate commitment to cast members .  recognize and hold cast members accountable for delivering excellence in safety ,  courtesy ,  show and efficiency in a specific area of responsibility .  responsible for ensuring an environment where guest and cast safety is the first filter in operational decision making .   merchandise management interns oversee a retail operation with an emphasis on guest service ,  financial objectives ,  inventory control ,  product replacement and presentation .  ensure product offerings are amply supplied and properly displayed to enable guest satisfaction and financial success .  responsible to approve returned merchandise transactions and for loss prevention measures including cash register audits to reconcile revenues ,  securing and auditing a safe ,  mitigating shrink and reviewing daily bank out paperwork .  ensure smooth guest flow through the operation as well as operational compliance to wdp&r food preparation ,  food safety and loss prevention standards as well as adherence to applicable government health regulations .     expected to spend up to 80% of each day working in the operating area and interfacing with guests and cast members .     communicate and interfaces with guests ,  front - line cast members ,  partners ,  vendors ,  leaders and peers in other lines of business as a point - of - contact for day - to - day operations .     empowered to make day - to - day operational decisions in line with guest ,  cast and financial expectations .     monitor daily staffing levels and anticipate shift coverage needs .     conduct daily pre - shift meetings to communicate relevant guest ,  cast or business information .     responsible to monitor cast member performance and to inspire ,  recognize and coach front - line cast members .     coach and develop cast members from different cultures ,  backgrounds and styles .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently earning a college / university degree as a junior ,  senior ,  or graduate level student  ( management internship only )     minimum six months large retail chain experience    minimum one year of cumulative leadership experience    demonstrated organizational skills with attention to detail    proven knowledge of financial aspects of an operation    demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    demonstrated ability to coach ,  motivate and develop front - line cast members    ability to work a flexible schedule with variable shifts ,  including days ,  nights ,  and weekends    ability to coach and develop a diverse cast   below are the preferred qualifications you need to be considered for this position     prior participation in the disney college program    proven knowledge and understanding of walt disney world policies and procedures    knowledge of retail industry    demonstrated ability to manage conflict     
 job responsibilities and requirements  responsibilities may include assistance with air pollution permitting ,  analysis ,  and compliance  air dispersion modeling  routing and sitting studies  wetland delineations ,  cultural resources surveys and other field activities  environmental assessments  public involvement  use of geographic information systems for map and figure preparation and data analysis  and report and permit writing .  work may include a mix of field assessments ,  report / permit preparat  .  .  .      
 who we are   at athleta ,  we re inspired by all the women athletes who continually push themselves to be their best .  that s why we design the ultimate performance apparel for everyone from the weekend warrior to the committed yogini to the fiercely - driven competitive athlete .   we re looking for people who find inspiration in the same things we do .  like community ,  participation ,  empowering others ,  working as a team ,  never forgetting that work isn t work without a little play .  and ,  of course ,  being a part of something bigger .   power to the she .   general summary  this internship supports the retail merchandising team and is a great opportunity to learn ,  be involved and participate in athleta’s tremendous growth .   with such growth ,  you’ll have the opportunity to jump in on a variety of projects in our fun ,  fast paced ,  ever changing environment .   job description     ability to be the department’s data base guru   responsible for maintaining the accuracy of athleta’s assortment planning tool   pulling and analyzing weekly sales information   communicating assortment changes to your cross - functional partners on a timely basis .    responsible for managing and tracking our accessories samples   assist in the development of the product assortment ,  key item positioning ,  and ensuring that the collection is compelling ,  commercially viable and supports overall business objectives .    attend cross functional meetings and class reviews   stay aware of changes in brand assortments and strategies  qualifications  ·         love product !   ·         whiz on excel and / or other databases  ·         outstanding organizational skills and the ability to multi - task  ·         impeccable attention to detail  primary location us - ca - petaluma  part - time  gid  -  merchandising     
 disney professional internships  management internship  -  retail  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .    management interns lead with a positive attitude and demonstrate commitment to cast members .  recognize and hold cast members accountable for delivering excellence in safety ,  courtesy ,  show and efficiency in a specific area of responsibility .  responsible for ensuring an environment where guest and cast safety is the first filter in operational decision making .   merchandise management interns oversee a retail operation with an emphasis on guest service ,  financial objectives ,  inventory control ,  product replacement and presentation .  ensure product offerings are amply supplied and properly displayed to enable guest satisfaction and financial success .  responsible to approve returned merchandise transactions and for loss prevention measures including cash register audits to reconcile revenues ,  securing and auditing a safe ,  mitigating shrink and reviewing daily bank out paperwork .  ensure smooth guest flow through the operation as well as operational compliance to wdp&r food preparation ,  food safety and loss prevention standards as well as adherence to applicable government health regulations .     expected to spend up to 80% of each day working in the operating area and interfacing with guests and cast members .     communicate and interfaces with guests ,  front - line cast members ,  partners ,  vendors ,  leaders and peers in other lines of business as a point - of - contact for day - to - day operations .     empowered to make day - to - day operational decisions in line with guest ,  cast and financial expectations .     monitor daily staffing levels and anticipate shift coverage needs .     conduct daily pre - shift meetings to communicate relevant guest ,  cast or business information .     responsible to monitor cast member performance and to inspire ,  recognize and coach front - line cast members .     coach and develop cast members from different cultures ,  backgrounds and styles .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently earning a college / university degree as a junior ,  senior ,  or graduate level student  ( management internship only )     minimum six months large retail chain experience    minimum one year of cumulative leadership experience    demonstrated organizational skills with attention to detail    proven knowledge of financial aspects of an operation    demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks    demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills    demonstrated ability to coach ,  motivate and develop front - line cast members    ability to work a flexible schedule with variable shifts ,  including days ,  nights ,  and weekends    ability to coach and develop a diverse cast   below are the preferred qualifications you need to be considered for this position     prior participation in the disney college program    proven knowledge and understanding of walt disney world policies and procedures    knowledge of retail industry    demonstrated ability to manage conflict        must be at least 18 years of age    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )     demonstrated ability to effectively deal with conflict    demonstrated passion to drive exceptional guest and cast experience    demonstrated commitment to cast member development    demonstrated ability to manage an operation and teach it to others  program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   application deadline  the deadline to apply for this internship is september 19 ,  2013 .   attention international students  if you are currently studying in the united states on an f - 1 or j - 1 visa and do not have a social security number ,  please contact our office at 407 - 828 - 1736 prior to applying .   recommendation – print this role description  strong candidates may be invited to complete a phone interview .  which must be completed by september 26 ,  2013 .  we strongly encourage applicants to print a copy of this role description so they can refer to it in the event they are selected for a phone interview .  note that this role description will not be accessible once the posting is closed on september 19 ,  2013 .   required materials     resume  ( outlining all of your required qualifications )     college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   to upload these documents     log into your dashboard at www . disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled “upload resumé”    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_type  ( i . e .  mickey_mouse_transcripts )     select document type of “other”     
 in addition to learning what agency - life is like ,  gsd&m new business interns are generally responsible for   - analysis of competitive agencies ,  consultant network and assembling a creative archive system  - creating get - smarts  - in - depth internet research and project assistance  - building presentation rooms for site visits  - company profiling and analyzing company data  - creating new business reports  - contacting vendors  - tracking and logging creative samples  - file and data management ,  copies     
 retail projects internship  we are looking for enthusiastic ,  motivated student leaders to participate in the cradles to crayons internship program .  as an intern in this program ,  you will be the lead intern on our “give back with an outfit pack” program .  this program allows a donor to donate a weeks’ worth of nee clothing to a child in need .  this donor receives a shopping list of items to create an outfit pack ,  and is expected to purchase the items brand new and return it to cradles to crayons .  as an intern ,  you will be tasked with managing and processing the donations for these particular projects ,  as well as improving upon the processes .  you will be responsible for ensuring that 1 , 200 children receive these high - quality ,  consistent clothing packs throughout the winter .  beyond hands on work experience ,  we are committed to ensuring that interns have the opportunity to learn about the various components of building a social enterprise .  as such ,  we have designed programs for interns that will focus on social entrepreneurship and the management of a social enterprise .  through structured sessions which will include the ceo and founder of cradles to crayons ,  lynn margherio ,  interns will have the opportunity to network and learn about the success factors that drive a social enterprise .  as a retail projects intern ,  you will gain skills in project management ,  data entry ,  customer service and increase your knowledge and exposure to social enterprises .  our hope is that through your internship at c2c ,  you will learn valuable skills and experiences to create lasting change in the world .  interns are expected to commit to working through the full semester for an average of 10 hours per week during business hours two days per week  ( preferably mondays and fridays ,  but can be flexible )  .  responsibilities are likely to include  • assist with ‘give back with an outfit pack’ project by managing intake ,  quality and output of clothing donations • lead and guide a group of 10 - 25 volunteers in making outfit packs for the youth we serve in our outfits station • research sizing methods of popular manufacturers to ensure that clothing in outfit packs will be worn by children wearing the appropriate sizes .  you’ll know the difference between circo’s size 6 / 7 and hawk size medium shirts ,  and you’ll find every opportunity to learn !  • participate in ongoing orientation / training sessions • have the opportunity to participate in leadership development and networking programs focused on social entrepreneurship and nonprofit management     
 responsibilities  located at water tower place ,  chicago s premier shopping destination ,  american girl place chicago is 52 , 000 square - feet and filled with all the things girls love !  girls and their guests will find the company s flagship line of historical dolls and books ,  the contemporary dolls ,  accessories ,  and dress your doll clothing ,  plus the bitty baby dolls and books for younger girls .  in addition to shopping ,  girls and their families can top off their special day at american girl place with a fun and fancy meal in the cafe ,  a visit to the doll hair salon ,  or a trip to the photo studio to get their picture taken for the cover of a souvenir issue of american girl magazine .   we are currently seeking a retail intern for the summer .   scope of position   this is a 12 week paid internship program   the intern will work side by side with retail managers and associates   topics and concepts to be covered will include  stock and inventory management ,  business planning and analysis ,  sales forecasting ,  sales leadership ,  staff training ,  coaching and development   the intern will participate in a project to design a retail business concept  ( i . e .  experience ,  event or merchandise )   requirements  qualifications    a college junior or senior working toward a degree in retail management ,  business or a related field of study   prior work experience in a retail environment servicing customers   excellent verbal and written communication skills   skilled user of microsoft office suite   ability to work a flexible retail schedule including evenings and weekends  please apply via our website http  /  / www . mattel . com .  .  .  /   american girl is an equal opportunity employer .  eeo / aa m / f / v / d .   american girl is a subsidiary of mattel incorporated .  mattel is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer  m / f / v / d     
 disney professional internships  interior design internship  -  global retail store development  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .   department overview  walt disney parks and resorts merchandise development delivers the best entertainment shopping experience in the world by creating magical merchandise memories inspired by walt disney parks and resorts .  walt disney parks and resorts merchandise development is responsible for retail environments ,  the product design and placement of over 30 , 000 unique merchandise items for the all walt disney parks and resorts retail locations around the globe .  our teams are recognized as industry leaders in branded lifestyle merchandise innovation and brand synergy .    the professional internship is heavily based on autocad production design work .  millwork details ,  cabinetry / shop drawings are the emphasis .  facility layout ,  floor plan design and incorporated ada requirements ,  fixture and hardware design development ,  and theme overlays will be concomitant to the main menu of work for this role .    these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     currently enrolled in a college / university as a junior or senior ,  earning a degree in interior design or equivalent field    daily experience and strong working knowledge of autocad    demonstrated strong organizational and time management skills    self starter with a willingness to learn new software applications    demonstrated attention to detail    demonstrated strong presentation skills    an electronic portfolio is required as part of this application process .  a url link listed on your resume for an online portfolio is preferred ,  however it may also be uploaded along with your application and should not exceed 3mbs .        ability to handle multiple tasks on tight schedules    previous retail experience    familiar with disney’s brand and culture  additional information internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a u . s .  college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or must have graduated from a u . s .  college / university within 6 months of the start date of the internship for which you are     
 growing online women s clothing store seeks experienced web blogger ,  social media assistant ,  copywriter .  we need someone who is experienced in creating content about women s sexy clothing ,  lingerie ,  fashion ,  latest trends related to our products .  we need a creative person who can create / organize social media content  blog posts ,  contests ,  tweets ,  posts ,  comments ,  website content etc .  you will be working directly on assignments with our marketing director .  requirements  + experience with blogging in fashion ,  clothing ,  shopping areas .  + able to generate new ideas and topics for articles .  + able to write new articles ,  comment on existing ones .  + able to find and communicate with other bloggers .  guest posting .  + able to generate and implement new ideas for social posts ,  tweets ,  contests etc .  + able to write press releases .  + excellent writing skills .  + basic graphic design skills .  + must have at least one well - established personal blog or professional blog .  + experience with wordpress and other blogging platforms is a plus .  + experience with facebook ,  google+ ,  twitter ,  youtube ,  pinterest and other social platforms .  + everyday availability ( during business days )  .  desired skills  copywriting sales writing business writing     
 turn your interests in technology and explaining how things work into a career !  if you have a background in creative writing ,  journalism ,  programming ,  or science ,  have a streamlined writing style  ,  and a desire to make software easier to use ,  then we want to meet you .  we re based in san francisco and we ve got one of the best technical writing teams in the business .  we work collaboratively with developers ,  quality engineers ,  product managers ,  and usability experts to make the salesforce . com application easier to use .  we write easy - to - understand user interface text ,  online help ,  and developer guides  we create videos ,  tutorials ,  and other user assistance to help customers use a variety of business applications .  you re a great match if you re self - directed ,  passionate about technology ,  and produce high - quality documentation .  youa ?  ? ll learn innovative technical communication tools and agile methodologies to build a career !  responsibilities   create and update documentation for the salesforce crm application and chatter .  experience / skills required   excellent writing and editing skills ability to meet tight deadlines ability to adhere to styles and processes knowledge of xml or html ability to learn new technologies quickly focus on quality and details strong team player customer advocate bachelor s degree in a technical or communications field experience / skills desired   experience with authoring and publishing tools experience with video and image editing software     
 responsibilities  sales internship opportunities responsibilities   a verizon internship in sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .   our sales intern roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .   qualifications  qualifications   to be successful you’ll need     to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn  our recruiters will review your application for available sales opportunities at verizon .  if a possible match is identified ,  a recruiter will contact you to further discuss your skills and professional interests .   equal employment opportunity  we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .      
 ke aki technologies ,  llc ,  headquartered in honolulu ,  hawaii ,  is a native hawaiian organization  ( nho )  owned business .   a premier government services company ,  ke aki technologies offers a full spectrum of solutions that improve the performance and operational effectiveness of our government and department of defense customers .  our mission synchronized solutions are designed to deliver exactly what our customers need ,  when they need it .   from base and range operations to biomedical defense support to telecommunications and it services ,  we deliver the exact talent ,  tools and technologies needed to meet mission requirements .   ke aki technologies has an exciting opportunity for a technical writer .  the position will be located at the navy and marine corps public health center  ( nmcphc )  located in jacksonville ,  florida .   the navy and marine corps public health center  ( nmcphc )  provide leadership and expertise to ensure mission readiness through disease prevention and health promotion in support of the national military strategy .  this acquisition will service the scientific analysis core requirement for ongoing scientific and technical efforts of the nmcphc’s mission .  this requirement is essential to ensure navy and marine corps customers  ( organizations and personnel )  are provided responsive public health services by providing timely and effective public health / force health protection information to improve operational readiness .   the technical writer must be a strong writer and have the ability to take products from abstract to publication form .   the ideal candidate must have an understanding of the publication process and ability to make scientific analysis .   the technical writer will write useful and meaningful documents for professional journals and publications .  this position requires united states citizenship and a secret security clearance due to a government contract .  additional responsibilities as follows     edits and / or prepares various and diverse biomedical scientific documentation and serves as the document manager for all project studies /  protocols .    performs library reference research as needed .    responsible in recording and distributing minutes from various meetings  monthly medical quality assurance ,  program meetings ,  and other technical meetings as required .    work closely with various senior staff when composing and gathering information when publishing .    must be detail oriented and take initiative .    develops ,  writes ,  and edits materials for it - related software and hardware documentation ,   hardware .     pc’s ,  laptop computers   client servers  ( unclassified )    network infrastructure equipment  software .     windows server 2008   windows desktop xp / 7   microsoft sms   retina / rem   shavlik   wsus  clearance information   must be able to obtain and maintain a secret clearance .   applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information  ( up to and including a secret clearance )  .   job type   full - time flsa status   exempt  ke aki technologies llc is a fast growing government service provider .   employees enjoy competitive salaries  a 401k plan with company match  medical ,  dental ,  disability ,  and life insurance coverage  tuition reimbursement  paid vacation and sick time  and 10 paid holidays .   for additional information on ke aki technologies ,  llc ,  please visit www . keakitech . com .   ke aki technologies ,  llc is proud to be an equal opportunity employer / affirmative action employer  ( eeo / aa )  and applicants will be considered without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  age ,  sex ,  disability ,  national origin ,  marital status ,  or genetic information .     bs degree in a related business and / or life sciences field is preferred .    5+ years as dod technical writer .    diacap experiences   iam  ( information assurance manager )  experience  ( preferred )    comptia security+ mandantory   must be able to obtain and maintain a secret clearance .    u . s .  citizenship & secret security clearance  notes   additional salary information  within range  internal number  1320     
 service excellence is a core value at adp .  in our small business services division ,  we are committed to providing accurate ,  convenient ,  risk - free payroll ,  tax processing and integrated business solutions for small businesses across the us .  did you know that over 95% of our small business clients are not only satisfied with adp s services but would recommend adp to someone else ?  how would that kind of success impact your career ?   sales at adp .  it s what drives our global growth as a world - wide leader of workforce solutions .  with us ,  you are inspired to achieve your best within a sales - centric ,  performance - oriented environment .  you are given the tools to succeed ,  with continuous opportunities to train and advance .  and as you develop the relationships that fuel our growth ,  you enjoy the rewards and recognition you deserve .   as an intern you will shadow a dedicated district manager with a hands - on approach to    -  network in person and over the phone with key decision makers in a designated territory   -  develop and execute a cold calling strategy to prospect targets for adp payroll and hr solutions   -  mine existing and prospective clients for referral business  -  represent stand - alone products of genuine interest to customers   -  cross sell business outsourcing solutions to an existing client base  experience ,  skills ,  academic   qualifications    -  must be interested in a career in sales   - currently attending university as a junior or senior or recently graduated   -  must have excellent communication skills   -  must possess a strong work ethic ,  initiative ,  positive attitude and high energy  about adp   we power organizations with insightful solutions that drive business success .  consistently named one of the   most admired companies   by fortune magazine ,  and recognized by forbes as one of   the world s most innovative companies .    adp has over a half - million clients around the globe and 60+ years of experience as a world - wide leader of business outsourcing solutions .   adp is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer  m / f / d / v .  adp believes that diversity leads to strength  j2wsales  adpsales  ncg  http  /  / www . youtube . com .  .  .      
 part - time ,  20 hours / week position responsible for informing and engaging internal and external audiences ,  and raising the public profile of norwich university .  the assistant editor / writer is part of a creative team that works to tell norwich’s remarkable story through a variety of publications and online platforms .    • identifying ,  researching and developing features for the norwich record ,  the quarterly alumni magazine  • developing content for norwich’s annual report  • conducting interviews ,  either in person ,  over the phone or via email  • writing copy and features for a variety of internal and external publications  print advertising and broadcast scripts  print brochures ,  newsletters and other collateral  tag lines  web content  promotional letters and media releases .  • collaborating with colleagues on the content and character of publications  • keeping up to date with campus initiatives and developments for inclusion in the magazine’s subject matter .    the successful candidate will have a bachelor s degree in english ,  journalism ,  or a related field ,  and a minimum of two years  professional writing experience .  he / she must have strong interpersonal skills ,  be self - motivated ,  able to work independently and meet deadlines .  the assistant editor / writer must be inquisitive ,  demonstrated research skills ,  determination and persistence .  he / she must be able to adapt their writing style for online journalism and have a familiarity with commonly used software such as html ,  photoshop ,  wordpress and indesign .  he / she must model professional and positive behavior at all times ,  and exemplify norwich university’s guiding values of respect ,  integrity and accountability .       norwich university is a diversified academic institution that educates residential students ,  leading both military and civilian lifestyles ,  and working adults across the globe .  norwich offers a broad selection of traditional and distance - learning programs culminating in baccalaureate and master s degrees ,  and graduate certificates .  founded in 1819 by u . s .  army capt .  alden partridge ,  norwich is the oldest private military college in the country and the birthplace of the reserve officers  training corps  ( rotc )  .   administrative support  along with specific items listed under each job posting’s “to apply” heading ,  you will need to complete and submit a norwich university employment application .   assistant editor / writer  -  part time     
 share |   refer this job to friends  motiva enterprises llc owns and operates refineries capable of refining approximately 740 , 000 barrels per day ,  a distribution system including ownership interests in 42 products terminals ,  and a marketing network that supports more than 8 , 100 shell - branded gasoline stations in the eastern and southern united states .   please note that interns will be employed by a contract company and will not be considered as shell employees during the internship period .   responsibilities     the intern will be assigned a mentor in each work area to assist with personal goal setting for the internship .  the internship will include awareness training and an orientation to health ,  safety ,  security and environmental  ( hsse )  regulations at the port arthur refinery .    during the course of the internship ,  the intern will shadow / observe technicians and participate in the safety and team meetings .    training will also include overview of units and their processes such as   o    heat exchangers  o    boilers / waste heat recovery  o    pumps  o    compressors  o    lubrication systems  o    various towers    interns will receive an introduction to quality assurance lab operations and will follow and observe a variety of plant operators as they complete daily chores ,  unit operations ,  and general life in the control room .   requirements   to be eligible for the internship ,  you must have completed the first year of an associate’s of applied science degree in process technology or graduated within one year of the start of the internship from associate s degree program listed above .  additionally ,  you must have a cumulative gpa of at least 2 . 5 on a 4 . 0 scale .   in addition to the academic requirements listed above ,  applicants must also meet the following requirements     must be legally authorized to work in the united states on a full time basis   must possess or be able to meet the requirements to obtain a valid twic card   willingness to take and achieve satisfactory results on shell’s pre - employment testing battery   willingness to support motiva s safety policies and safe working practices   willingness to support motiva s team work environment   willingness to support motiva’s drug - free and harassment - free work environment   must be at least 18 years old prior to starting the internship   willingness to work at heights ,  walk on high elevation grating ,  walk up and down stairs and work in confined spaces and outdoors with training / reasonable accommodation   must be able to read ,  speak ,  and write english fluently   must be willing to work at the motiva refinery ,  located in port arthur ,  texas   must be willing to work 180 hours total hours during course of the internship   must be willing to work 12 - hour ,  rotating shifts  application deadline  thursday 19 september 2013  number of vacancies  4  please note  we occasionally amend or withdraw shell jobs and reserve the right to do so at any time ,  including prior to the advertised closing date .   before applying ,  you are advised to read our data protection policy .  this policy describes the processing that may be associated with your personal data and informs you that your personal data may be transferred to royal dutch / shell group companies around the world .   the shell group and its approved recruitment consultants will never ask you for a fee to process or consider your application for a career with shell .  anyone who demands such a fee is not an authorised shell representative and you are strongly advised to refuse any such demand .   shell is an equal opportunity employer .      
 junior technical writer  ( job number 329736 )  description  this is for a proposal effort that is to be awarded august 2013 .  the intelligence systems group of saic has a career opportunity for a junior technical writer with a current ts / sci and polygraph clearance ,  in columbia ,  maryland .  this position requires a current and active ts / sci with polygraph security clearance for consideration .  job summary  the junior technical writer will be responsible for the preparation ,  review ,  revision ,  and maintenance of technical documents including software and systems engineering ,  system operations ,  testing ,  and user documentation .  writes and edits technical documentation for all of the project’s hardware and software to include installation ,  configuration and how - to documentation .  creates code documentation for software  produces implementation guides and end - user guides for capabilities  provides field ,  data definition ,  and data flow documentation and formats technical publications from pamphlets ,  technical drawings ,  and consultations with technical personnel and other available resources job responsibilities   -  understands basic concepts ,  responsible for writing technical copy for various types of documents for a program / project of similar complexity  -  responsible for preparing and maintaining operations documentation ,  user guides and manuals and technical publications  -  responsible for preparing reports ,  responses ,  and briefings targeted to a wide range of audiences  -  provide to the government program manager analysis to directly support large acquisition programs  -  develop models and simulations to support the acquisition process and / or sub - elements of the process to reduce risk in major acquisition programs  -  perform validation and testing of models to ensure adequacy ,  or determines the need for reformulation  -  works with developers to produce quality documentation and training materials  -  coordinates layout and design of documents   -  works on all phases of documentation qualifications  basic qualifications  -  two  ( 2 )  years experience in programs and contracts of similar scope ,  type ,  and complexity within the federal government is required • an associate’s degree in a related technical discipline from an accredited college or university is required • two  ( 2 )  years of additional technical writing experience may be substituted for the associates degree .  demonstrated experience of at least one  ( 1 )  year shall be within the  ( domain area )  .  preferred qualifications  -  a bs degree in a related field .  • experience with computer network operations ,  and sigint .  portions of saic to be renamed leidos ,  inc .  ,  subject to stockholder approval and consummation of a separation transaction if approved by saic board of directors .  saic is pursuing a plan to separate into two independently traded companies  one that provides technical ,  engineering and enterprise information technology services primarily to the u . s .  government  ( new saic )  ,  and one that delivers technical solutions in national security ,  engineering and health  ( leidos ,  inc )  .  saic overview  saic is a fortune 500® scientific ,  engineering ,  and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world ,  in national security ,  energy & environment ,  health and cybersecurity .  the company s approximately 41 , 000 employees serve customers in the u . s .  department of defense ,  the intelligence community ,  the u . s .  department of homeland security ,  other u . s .  government civil agencies and selected commercial markets .  headquartered in mclean ,  va .  ,  saic had annual revenues of approximately $10 . 6 billion for its fiscal year ended january 31 ,  2012 .  for more information ,  visit www . saic . com .  saic  from science to solutions® job posting  jul 18 ,  2013 ,  2 44 04 pm primary location  united states - md - columbia clearance level must currently possess  top secret / sci with polygraph clearance level must be able to obtain  none potential for teleworking  no travel  none shift  day job schedule  full - time     
 req id  2381 coordinates data retrieval ,  collecting ,  loading ,  manipulation and management while working with groups in other teams / departments as required .  evaluate data to summarize and document results .  generate production graphs and analyze production trends using aries ,  ofm ,  excel and access .  assemble data from electronic and paper well files .  support data management and technical evaluation efforts of team .  recommend new approaches to streamline team s data management .  “mine” data from sap and hyperion to assist with cost and production variance analysis .  create data sheets ,  charts ,  graphs ,  generate plots ,  bubble maps and report displays .  prerequisites petrotech certification in process .  computer proficiencies  microsoft office products .  knowledge of tow ,  aries ,  access ,  and wellview preferred .  understanding of oilfield data collection beneficial .  excellent oral and written communication ,  teamwork ,  and planning & organization skills .  self - starting and motivated to learn .  high school diploma or ged required .  marathon oil corporation  ( nyse  mro )  is an independent international exploration and production company .  based in houston ,  texas ,  the company has activity in north america ,  europe and africa .  the company has three reportable operating segments ,  each of which is organized and managed based primarily upon geographic location and the nature of the products and services it offers .  marathon oil is an equal opportunity employer .  if you are a current marathon employee please use the erp website to submit referrals .  posting notes  || oklahoma city || oklahoma || united states  ( us )  || not applicable || not applicable ||     
 take a walk through   / em one of fb s offices in san diego with   / em  ceo than merrill  .   ( we have expanded considerably since this video was taken )  .    / em  2012 year in review  -  lifestyles of the fb   intrapreneur     / em  ________________________________________________________________________ do you have what it takes to be an “intra - preneur” ?  • are you entrepreneurial minded ,  resourceful ,  and fully engaged in life ?  • are you positive ,  passionate ,  and committed to continuous personal growth ?  would you like to learn from some of the most successful entrepreneurs in america as recognized by inc .  magazine   / em  ,  whose real estate investment company has also been featured on a&e s hit tv show flip this house   / em  ?  if you answered yes to all of these questions ,  then you may be qualified .      
 internship opportunities at northrop grumman are unique .  sure ,  you’ll learn new skills ,  explore our enterprise ,  network with experts ,  connect with thought leaders ,  and finish with a resume that opens doors .  but you’ll gain something even more valuable  pride in what you’ve done .   this internship role will support the industrial engineering group at our electronic systems sector in rolling meadows ,  il ,  and will be involved in several tasks     perform time studies to validate or set touch labor standards .    perform data analysis to identify processes for potential improvement .    review manufacturing operations and initiate cost reduction ideas .    performs a variety of duties in the electronic ,  mechanical ,  or optical areas .    constructs ,  troubleshoots ,  calibrates ,  adjusts ,  tests ,  and maintains equipment ,  components ,  devices ,  or systems .    works from engineering drawings and written or verbal instructions .  operates related equipment  conducts tests and reports data in prescribed format .          be enrolled in an accredited bachelor s degree  ( or higher level )  college / university program majoring in an engineering /  technical field   have at least a 2 . 8 / 4 . 0 overall gpa and available to work full - time  ( 40 hours per week )  for 10 weeks during the summer months ,  2014 .    u .  s .  citizenship and the ability to obtain a u . s .  government security clearance  preferred qualifications     current u . s .  government security clearance   have at least a 3 . 2 / 4 . 0 overall gpa .    have completed sophomore year of college .    industrial engineering major .   northrop grumman corporation is a leading global security company providing innovative systems ,  products ,  and solutions in unmanned systems ,  cybersecurity ,  c4isr ,  and logistics and modernization to government and commercial customers worldwide .   northrop grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce .  we are an equal opportunity employer ,  making decisions without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  national origin ,  age ,  veteran status ,  disability ,  or any other protected class .  u . s .  citizenship is required for most positions .   imo395     
 immediate need for strong conceptual art directors and writers to work on a consumer - like b2b account .  look forward to working with a willing client ,  having nice budgets ,  and exotic travel .  the account will involve print ,  digital ,  video ,  and more .   functioning as a team with an assistant art director ,  the junior copywriter is responsible for developing executions of approved creative concepts and may assist senior creative team members .     works with assistant art director to develop print ,  tv and radio presentations and executions   presents layouts and storyboards to creative director for approval   may present layouts and storyboards to client for approval   keeps abreast of trends ,  talent ,  competitive advertising and target mindset   may assist senior creative team members   attends shoots and sessions under the supervision of senior creative team members   contributes to new business pitches  job requirements    bachelor’s degree or equivalent preferred   one year experience or advertising school degree required  mrm /  / mccann is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race ,  color ,  gender ,  religion ,  age ,  sexual orientation ,  national or ethnic origin ,  disability ,  marital status ,  veteran status ,  or any other occupationally irrelevant criteria .      
 athenahealth software developer internships  ( junior .  sophomore ,  masters ,  phd )  summer 2014  -  boston what is athenahealth ?  athenahealth  ( nasdaq  athn )  is changing the way the healthcare industry works .  with our best in breed suite of cloud software products ,  we ve taken healthcare into the modern age empowering medical care providers to get back to what they do best…treating patients .  we re incredibly successful ,  fun ,  and looking to bring in creative and passionate people motivated by the challenge of making healthcare operate the way it should .  we’re looking for developers who want to make a difference right now .  the development team is a dynamic and friendly group that thrives in athena’s open working environment .  the folks that you will work with are intellectual ,  top - notch ,  performers faced with exciting challenges .  developers come here for the opportunity to learn and grow with a socially responsible company ,  focused on changing healthcare at a fundamental level .  compensation is exceptional and as long as you get stuff done ,  we’re flexible about schedules .  the only real technical requirement for applying is being able to make a computer do what you want it to do .  cick on the link below to meet some of the dev team  http  /  / youtu . be .  .  .  in terms of the technology platform -  -  you ll be working on linux with oracle ,  perl ,  and apache .  but that s not why you d be coming here  we believe any developer worth his / her salt can pick this stuff up in a matter of a couple of months .  we re more interested in folks with raw talent and a burning desire to succeed .  the types of problems you might work on are wide - ranging—from core performance tuning to optimizing paper - based processes using ocr to writing ajax widgets in complicated user interfaces .  requirements  ( not really but we had to put something )  the only real technical requirement for applying is being able to make a computer do what you want it to do .  preferred skills include previous web development experience ,  unix / linux familiarity ,  perl ,  java ,  jquery ,  ios ,  android ,  rdbms experience  ( particularly with oracle )      
 the boeing defense ,  space and security  ( bds )   -  st .  louis engineering intern program offers a value - added learning experience to complement university engineering curriculum .  students gain work experience equivalent to that of an entry - level engineer in flight engineering .  intern assignments will be directly applicable to the students academic major .  boeing is seeking highly motivated and technically strong individuals to fill flight engineering internship positions at its st .  louis ,  missouri location in the summer of 2014 .  flight engineering internship opportunities are available on boeing military aircraft and phantom works projects such as the f - 15 and f / a - 18 programs ,  jdam and harpoon weapon programs ,  phantom works research and development programs .  these positions include aerodynamics ,  flight controls ,  propulsion ,  and mass properties .       collaboration communication innovation managing work  basic qualifications for consideration  are you currently enrolled at a college or university in aerospace or mechanical engineering ?          students must be majoring in aerospace or mechanical engineering .  students selected will have strong academic performance with a 3 . 0 or greater cumulative grade point average on a 4 . 0 scale .  boeing  -  st .  louis engineering interns are typically hired into the program after completion of junior year of coursework towards their undergraduate degree ,  however students with sophomore standing may also apply .  applicants should list their current gpa and class standing clearly on their resume .  the level of academic performance is expected to be maintained throughout students participation in the program .  students should be available to begin their summer industrial period approximately the end of may 2014 and end the beginning or august  ( minor timing flexibility based on school schedule may be considered )  .      
 information systems intern   nation pizza and foods is seeking an information systems intern at our schaumburg il usda food production facility .   position summary  the information systems intern is responsible for company wide support of various it administrative functions .   this includes helpdesk support ,  documentation management ,  software library support ,  printer hardware support ,  and printer supplies inventory management .   location  schaumburg il  essential duties & responsibilities  provides helpdesk support as required .  maintains printers and printer supplies inventories .  maintains software documentation and licensing inventories .  maintains various documentation sets as required .  liaison duties between users and it in the areas of troubleshooting ,  problem resolution ,  and  /  or problem escalation within the it department .  follows all company policies and procedures as well as the gmps  ( good manufacturing practices )  .  reports any unsafe or hazardous work conditions or safety - related issues to management .  performs other related duties as assigned .   essential skills  demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies .  basic knowledge of data processing systems ,  concepts ,  and methodologies .   essential education and experience  college level course work in computer science or related fields minimum one  ( 1 )  year of work experience in a business environment .   reports to  is systems administrator     
 our internships play an integral role in the success of enterprise and are a comprehensive introduction to our management training program .  for a college student ,  real - world professional business experience can put you above the rest when you enter the job market .   it s business 101 on 10 cups of coffee  our interns go at a highly energized pace .  from day one as a paid intern with enterprise ,  you ll learn what it takes to run a successful business and acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of operating a business .  and it s learning by doing ,  not by getting coffee or filing all day .  our college interns take on the same challenges as our first and second year full - time professionals .  it s a team - based environment where the enterprise employees are supportive and fun to work with .    when you join our management internship program ,  you ll acquire highly marketable skills and experience pertaining to every aspect of running a successful business .  you ll soon discover that every day is different because it is filled with so many new ,  exciting ,  rewarding and often unexpected challenges .  there is one consistent aspect ,  however  -  everyday ,  you ll learn more about sales / marketing ,  customer service ,  business management ,  and administrative skills than you ever thought possible .   at enterprise ,  you won t be a glorified gopher getting coffee or filing all day .  our interns go at the same energized pace and take on the same challenges and responsibilities as our management trainees .   not only is it a paid internship program ,  but interns may also be eligible for performance incentives and employee referral rewards .  the business training you ll receive will be an amazing jumpstart to your career .      must be a rising junior or senior enrolled full time in a bachelor s degree program for the up coming semester in a college or university .    must have 6 months of sales ,  customer service ,  marketing or management experience .    will consider leadership experience in organizations / clubs ,  volunteer work / community service or military in lieu of the work experience .    will consider experience as a student athlete in lieu of the work experience .     must have a valid driver s license with no more than 3 moving violations and / or at fault accidents in the past 3 years .    no drug or alcohol related conviction on your record in the past 5 years  ( i . e .  ,  dui ,  dwi )    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 cloud [ 8 ] sixteen ,  inc .  ,  is a full - service web - marketing firm based in austin ,  tx .  we were recently ranked #167 on the inc .  500 fastest growing private companies in america list ,  and were ranked among the top 20 best companies to work for in texas for 2009 ,  2010 and 2011 .  in 2010 ,  we ranked #11 ,  and in 2011 we ranked #9 for “largest advertising and marketing agencies in austin” by the austin business journal .  we are currently offering unpaid internships to content writers looking to gain experience writing web content for a variety of industries ,  including the legal field ,  medical field ,  and small businesses .  if you are a strong writer looking for an internship with a young ,  dynamic company offering a flexible schedule and fun work environment ,  this could be the internship for you .  visit our web site  ( www . thesearchengineguys . com )  for more information on our company .  prior experience with tech writing and general copy - writing is valuable .  rhetoric and writing majors ,  english majors ,  and journalism majors are encouraged to apply .  may be used for school credit .  qualifications  • strong writing and online research skills • effective communication     
 join a start - up technology company in the restaurant industry to help make a positive difference in the food community !  this internship will give you the opportunity to work as a key contributor in designing and developing our editorial section ,  trying new restaurants ,  helping to create our newsletter content ,  as well as interviewing chefs and industry leaders .  this is a great opportunity to take initiative ,  provide input ,  and make a positive impact on small business owners and food lovers across the world !  also a great resume builder to show what you can do while you do what you love !  about food mafia  what started as a tongue - in - cheek reference to a mock crime syndicate became the inspiration for the exclusive restaurant recommendation site foodmafia . com .  referring to the process that founder stacy johnson went through with her friends to try great ,  unique restaurants ,  the reference blossomed into a business idea that took off .  realizing that the best recommendations were always from friends or trusted ,  credible sources that had similar tastes ,  stacy wanted to help others quickly find a great dining experience but without all the negative ,  anonymous reviews .  food mafia has made this process easy and fun !  we have done the dirty work for you .  with food mafia ,  you no longer have to do research and filter through negative ,  anonymous reviews to find trusted restaurant recommendations .  we have invited our favorite diners ,  chefs ,  and industry professionals from around the world to join together to share their favorite restaurants .  from 24 course meals to food stands ,  we have members that truly share your taste in food .  use foodmafia . com to find your next great dining experience by choosing a city and running a search .  from tracking your favorite restaurant to sharing and receiving customized recommendations ,  you can make food mafia work for you without having to do any of the hard ,  dirty work .  just like the mafia ,  our site is closely monitored and controlled .  our member community is strong across the united states ,  with a presence in large cities such as chicago ,  los angeles ,  new york ,  and san francisco .  we are expanding quickly across the globe ,  with members committed to finding and sharing great and unique dining experiences .  what makes food mafia unique  unlike other restaurant review sites ,  our approved members are made up of food lovers ,  celebrity chefs ,  and industry professionals .  see what top chefs and restaurateurs are saying about food mafia  http  /  / www . foodmafia . com .  .  .      
 hi ,  i am looking for a good - at - english & high - eq email writer to help me handle my important career networking emails .  responsibilities   -  sent connection request to targeted people  ( instructions will be provided )  on linkedin  -  email new connections to try to set up phone appointments between me and the connection  -  follow up with existing connections if they did not reply to my email  -  manage phone / meeting appointments  ( confirm time / phone number / address .  .  .  )  and send me next - day appointments summaries  -  respond every email in my inbox  ( you should save as a draft for me to send later .  i will show you the changes i made so you can adapt to   my style   )   -  sent specific emails according to instructions  -  submit daily report that summarizes your work ideal candidate   -  i hate to say this but since i am a student myself ,  i am looking for someone who can well handle the tasks and offer the best price  -  who really know how to communicate with other people since you are handling my important networking process  i will assign you tasks and you should work on urgent issues a . s . a . p .   ( i . e .   3 hours )  and other issues with more flexible timeline .  time  week 1 / 2  15 hours week 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8  10 hours week 9 / 10 / 11 / 12  7 hours total  118 hours project extension  i will be more than happy to extend the contract and maintain our relationship based on mutual fit .  i very welcome candidates with a track - record of high reviews !  i look forward to working with you !  sincerely ,  patrick desired skills  admin assistant typing word processing     
 paid internships exist at the american association for the advancement of science  ( aaas )  to provide actual or practical work experience .  students apply knowledge gained through their education to work situations .  paid internships can be full - time or part - time and are granted for a period of less than 6 months .      science news writing internship—washington ,  d . c .  ,  usa   the aaas minority science writers internship     
help with administrative tasks as directed .  support research and marketing work .  do social networking updates as requested .  desired skills  admin assistant computer skills data entry    
 ## description   intern – fall 2013 undergraduate – production  ( fox searchlight  -  los angeles ,  ca )    fox searchlight pictures is a filmmaker - oriented company that focuses on distinctive films helmed by world - class auteurs and exciting newcomers .  by blending specialty films with trademark art - house fare ,  fox searchlight  s leadership has solidified its position in the independent film marketplace .  current projects and tasks that will be assigned to the intern ( s )     reading script submissions and projects and providing feedback  learning to become fluent in development language  brainstorming lists of writers ,  directors and cast for various projects  participating in research project meetings  script distribution  assisting with administrative duties as needed . understanding the day - to - day processes by which a studio operates .    getting a general overview of the industry and the players   learning to identify strong material   learning basic development tools  ( generating coverage ,  beat sheets ,  lists ,  etc .  )    learning basic administrative duties required to become an entry level office assistant  ( rolling calls ,  scheduling ,  travel )  ## qualifications   general interest in film and the entertainment industry   microsoft office proficient   enthusiastic self - starter .   req id   fox0001m5     
 looking for a personal assistant for a growing christian online magazine .  must have good writing and communication skills .  must know how to communicate and have a relationship with a christian audience .  must be able to  contact future guest for interviews communicate with those who wish to interview the ceo of cwl xpress online magazine help market cwl xpress upcoming events  ( must have close ties with the christian community )  must be able to show me your works when using marketing strategies  ( good social networking skills with the christian community )  .  must be able to speak by phone or skype  ( this is a must )  i prefer someone in the florida area ,  if not and you qualify still contact me .  please send a number where you can be reached along with your website if you have one .  .  desired skills  marketing social networking writing admin assistant email handling     
 provide full 60 day estimate for all tasks outlined .  contractor will provide virtual assistance to the creators of myphone thermometer for a second product launch via kickstarter .  contractor will also be helping creators to develop the system d social network presence on google ,  facebook ,  twitter ,  etc .  respondents must be familiar with crowdfunding ,  marketing via social media ,  obtaining referrals from blogs ,  and managing social media pages for maximum exposure .  contractor will write emails and press releases and will use them as templates after approval for communication to various media ,  blogs ,  sites ,  and individuals .  the goal is to drive traffic to a project page on kickstarter .  if contractor has existing referral networks please outline those in your quote if you will rely on them for this campaign .  please provide hour and cost estimates for the entire 60 day campaign to perform the tasks as outlined in this job description .  tasks will occur over 60 days ,  and will include the following  1 .  research referral sources to discover the top referral sources ,  we will develop a list of kickstarter projects similar to ours and contractor will list the referrers for each project .  this can be done easily using bit . ly+ a typical list of referrers will be  facebook direct traffic  ( primarily via email )  twitter kickstarter blogs 2 .  develop list of blogs and media to target ,  write releases ,  research referrals ,  develop communications plan ,  help creators execute communications plan .  this task follows the 5 step process outlined in the links provided .  contractor will focus on several similar projects to ours to develop a list of blogs and media outlets to target .  start by looking at who covered kickstarter projects similar to ours .  you can do this by using a simple google images hack .  if you drag and drop any image file into the search bar at images . google . com ,  you ll be shown every website that has ever posted that image .  we already know that a word search of our top competitors reveals over 50 separate blogs that will need to be contacted individually .  their product launch pages are here   / o7d7r2o  / nasl5uj the site below has a 5 step process contractor should use   / d9zlscu your quote should indicate that you plan on helping us develop referrals to contact at least 100 blogs and media outlets following this process ,  with the goal being placement on the top relevant ones just prior to our launch date .  this includes ghost writing letters ,  direct emails ,  etc .  you will have a myphonethermometer . com email and will communicate regularly with the creators during this process .  3 .  drafting letters & emails  letters and emails that need to come from the creators will need to be drafted for their signature ,  and sent to them along with the email addresses .  mass emails will go out from services .  4 .  develop mass email marketing plan research lowest cost lists to obtain from appropriate services .  develop emails to send to these lists and a timing plan .  5 .  communicate with existing backers to develop google community for both myphone and systemd & enhance the facebook pages .  6 .  provide assistance in planning and marketing through social networks and pages to advertise a   google hangout   for systemd .  provide scheduling assistance to communicate with participants .  this hangout  ( videoconference )  will occur at weekly scheduled times .  7 .  develop updates and communications to be released on facebook ,  twitter ,  tumblr ,  google+ ,  etc .  during the campaign .  administer the social network pages and posts for maximum effect to drive traffic during the product launch .  8 .  develop godaddy web pages and add   landing pages   as described in the link provided for task #2 and code provided here   / somawater desired skills  email marketing press releases social media marketing social networking development virtual assistant     
 in keeping with the marian regional medical center philosophy ,  the pathologist assistant is responsible for the gross examination ,  dissection of anatomic pathology specimens ,  and assist with the performance of postmortem examinations while under the direction of a pathologist .  the pathologist assistant prepares tissue for examination ,  including frozen sections and flow cytometry .  the pathologist assistant may be required to photograph gross and microscopic samples ,  prepare slides ,  and collect historical information for presentation of conferences and tumor board .  the pathologist assistant will assist with training and educating other department employees ,  students and residents and acts as a resource to staff . the candidate must have extensive experience handling all levels of surgical specimens .  the candidate must be able to perform port - mortem examinations .  the candidate must be able to use the computer ,  including microsoft office ,  internet ,  and multiple interfaced systems .  minimum 3 years experience as a pathologist assistant with extensive experience handling large and complex surgical pathology specimens and performing post - mortem examinations .  proficiency in computer use ,  including the internet and multiple - interfaced systems ,  excel and ms word or equivalent applications .  bachelor s degree in biological sciences ,  allied health sciences or related field required .  current certification by the american association of pathologist assistants  ( aapa )  ,  the board of registry of the american society for clinical pathology  ( ascp )  ,  or another national accrediting agency approved by the department required .  must be able to follow verbal and written instructions exactly .  must demonstrate and promote teamwork .  accuracy in specimen and patient identification procedures is mandatory .  must be able to work in a calm and conscientious manner under high volume and stat conditions .  must be able to communicate effectively with doctors ,  staff ,  patients ,  and co - workers .  must be able to enter cases into the computer system for inpatients and outpatients .  must be able to accurately perform tests  ,  procedures ,  and operate instruments under supervision of a pathologist or pathology / histology manager .  american association of pathologist assistants  ( aapa )  certificate and certification by the board of registry of the american society for clinical pathology  ( ascp )  ,  or another national accrediting agency approved by the department required .  must maintain aapa required continuing education .  the incumbent is responsible for maintenance and payment of annual professional licensure .   about us  marian regional medical center ,  located in santa maria ,  ca ,  is nationally ranked among the top 10% in the nation for safety core measures in cardiac services and has the only comprehensive cancer treatment and resource program from los angeles to san francisco .   in april 2012 ,  marian opened its doors to a brand new state - of - the - art facility which houses the latest technology to support excellent physicians and caregivers who deliver compassionate care each and every day .  marian’s new hospital includes 191 beds ,  expanded and enhanced emergency department ,  critical care unit ,  nicu and women’s services .   marian is a dignity health member of the central coast ,  which also includes arroyo grande community hospital in arroyo grande ,  ca and french hospital medical center in san luis obispo ,  ca .  dignity health of the central coast is recognized for the highest quality hospitals ,  physicians from the top medical schools in the country ,  primary care offices to ensure access for all patients ,  premier ambulatory surgery centers ,  technologically advanced imaging centers ,  outpatient services and a comprehensive home health service  all recognized for quality ,  safety and service .  each hospital is supported by an active philanthropic foundation to provide additional funding to support new programs and services ,  as well as to advance the community’s access to health care .   organization   marian medical center  primary location   california - central coast service area - santa maria - marian medical center  work locations   marian medical center  1400 east church st  santa maria 93454  hours per pay period   80  shift   day  employment type   full time  work schedule   8hour  number of openings   1  area of interest   laboratory     
 network engineer  -  jr  requisition id  2013 - 4664  # of openings  1 job locations  us - md - apg us - ca -  city not listed us - dc -  city not listed posted date  9 / 17 / 2013 category  ( portal searching )   information technology  more information about this job  responsibilities and duties   engility is in need of a network engineer yo support the enterprise it support contract in aberdeen proving ground ,  md  washington ,  dc and fairfield ,  ca .   the netwrok engineer will serve as an agile scrum team member providing software engineering and development services for the delivery of releasable software .  responsible for activities associated with delivery of software solutions associated with customer - defined systems and software projects  basic responsibilities include     perform as a network system administrator .  duties include but are not limited to  troubleshoot network issues ,  maintain network devices ,  monitor network ,   implementing network management software    network engineering functions including  analysis of current network architecture ( s )  ,  conceptualization ,  design ,  implementation ,  and optimization . acts as a member of a product team supporting teammates and collaborating with a do what it takes attitude to ensure product and team success .    active participation in agile scrum sprint planning ,  artifact creation ,  sprint testing ,  regression testing ,  demonstrations and retrospectives and solution releases .    supporting development of product roadmaps .    participating in estimating backlog items .    supporting release planning with conceptual design and development  /  refinement of software engineering guidelines .    decomposing backlog items into the software tasks based on the desired software architecture  ( e . g .  ,  n - tier layered architecture )  necessary to create the desired functionality .    analyzing project - related problems and creating innovative solutions involving ,  scheduling ,  technology ,  methodology ,  tools and solution components .    ensuring product quality and timeliness of work ,  providing advice and guidance ,  resolving problems to meet objectives ,  and providing periodic performance reports .    developing new and refining existing process to enhance quality and productivity .    reviewing and evaluating work and preparing periodic performance reports .    ensuring product quality and timeliness of efforts .    develop test procedures and debug software components .   this position is contingent upon contract award .   minimum tangible qualifications     us citizen with and the ability to obtain and maintain an interim secret clearance .     bs / ba in computer science ,  mathematics ,  or other engineering or technical and 7 years experience    two additional years of applicable experience with appropriate certifications may be substituted for the degree .     experience as a network engineer managing linux ,  windows ,  or vmware ,  platforms .     must be capable of performing network engineering functions including  conceptualization ,  design ,  implementation ,  and optimization .  must be experienced in assessing evolving user needs ,  translating those needs into network changes through network reconfiguration ,  hardware and software acquisitions ,  installation and test .     must be knowledgeable in the application of current and emerging network software and hardware technology and protocols .  solve engineering problems  ( or managing the solution of engineering problems )  in the functional area to which assigned .     must be experienced in assessing evolving user needs ,  translating those needs into network changes through network reconfiguration ,  hardware and software acquisitions ,  installation and test .     must be knowledgeable in the application of current and emerging network software and hardware technology and protocols .     solve engineering problems  ( or managing the solution of engineering problems )  in the functional area to which assigned .     ability to apply estimation techniques to ia efforts .     ability to identify and manage risk .     excellent communication skills in english in written and spoken form    strong collaboration skills and desire to work within a team    understanding of all elements of the software development life cycle ,  including planning ,  development ,  requirements management ,  cm ,  quality assurance ,  and release management .   preferred qualifications     must have some of the following certifications  network+ ,  security + ,  a+ ,  ccna certifications ,  msce ,  css ,  vb scripting    technical certifications ,  such as security+  a+  mcse    mcsd  mcpd  csm  csd  ocjd  scjd    knowledgeable and experience with the configuration of ,  potentials risks posed by ,  and tools to secure ,  validate and test related cots products such as  sql ,  mysql ,  linux ,  windows ,  outsystems ,  c# ,  asp . net ,  iis ,  vmware  apply for this job     apply for this job online    email this job to a friend  engility corporation was formed in 2012 and is headquartered in chantilly ,  virginia .  our name is derived from “engineering” and “agility” and we employ great people who anticipate and move quickly to serve our customers .  engility has about 9 , 000 employees in locations throughout the united states and worldwide .  our professionals provide a broad range of technical ,  analytical ,  operational ,  training ,  security services and products to government and commercial customers .  at engility ,  we conduct ourselves with the utmost of integrity ,  accountability and respect to honor our commitment to excellence in everything we do .   our core competencies include seta support ,  professional services ,  education and training ,  operational support ,  logistics and international capacity development .   disclaimer   the above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification .  it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties ,  responsibilities ,  and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position .   we offer a competitive benefits package that includes  paid holidays ,  paid time off ,  medical ,  dental ,  vision ,  flexible spending account ,  long -  and short - term disability ,  life insurance ,  401 ( k )  ,  employee stock purchase plan ,  and tuition reimbursement .   engility is proud to be an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer .  engility provides equal employment opportunity for all persons ,  in all facets of employment .  engility maintains a drug - free workplace and performs pre - employment substance abuse testing and background checks .   if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran ,  and need a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system ,  please contact us on our home page .   go back to the welcome page  need further assistance ?   powered by the icims talent platform  ( opens new window )  applicant tracking software     
 information technology  telecom network help desk intermediate  how to apply  a cover letter and resume are required  the cover letter must be page 1 of your resume .  the letter should    ( 1 )  specifically outline the reasons for your interest in the position   ( 2 )  outline your particular skills and experience that directly relate to this position  and  ( 3 )  include your current or ending salary .   starting salary may vary depending on qualifications and experience of the selected candidate  job summary  information and technology services  ( its )  at the university of michigan has three  ( 3 )  openings within the data center operations for network help desk consultants to provide monitoring of the voice ,  video ,  network and data center infrastructure and related systems utilizing set protocols and troubleshooting skills in response to multiple ,  competing events ,  alarms /  issues in the network / voice / data / hardware monitoring systems .  this position additionally provides tier 1 support to faculty ,  staff ,  students ,  guests and alumni .  the consultant will be responsible for effectively and efficiently handling monitoring and requests by ensuring quick and responsible resolution of issues .  the successful candidates will possess superior technical support knowledge ,  stellar customer service skills and ability to adapt to changes .   shift to be filled   shift 2  4 00 pm  -  midnight  -  tuesday ,  wednesday ,  thursday ,  friday ,  and saturday  responsibilities    monitors voice ,  video and data networks ,  job schedules ,  servers ,  storage devices and physical infrastructure with the ability to address multiple ,  competing events simultaneously to ensure timely handling / resolution of alerts and outages .  recognize events through all monitoring systems in a timely manner to ensure service level agreements are met .    receives in - bound emails ,  web requests and phone calls from end - users .  evaluates problems and determine priority of responding .  researches ,  isolates ,  and troubleshoots technical instances .  provides resolutions ,  workarounds ,  and problem escalation for tier ii support to ensure end - users successfully utilize the um computing environment and administrative systems .  educate the end - user community for access to supported systems utilizing internal help desk tools to walk users through the systems .  follows - up with users to ensure problem resolution .  provides end - users with information on how to access help documentation and e - learning resources .    provides support to end users for pc ,  server ,  hardware and / or administrative systems .  may interact with network services ,  software systems engineering ,  and applications development and hardware vendors to restore service .  identifies and corrects core problems .  simulates or recreates user problems to resolve operating difficulties which may include desktop or browser configuration problems .  escalates complex problems to senior staff .    collaborates with team members and tier 2 and 3 teams to understand service improvement requests and opportunities .  supports service enhancement projects that involve resolution and quality improvements by identifying and quantifying service desk requirements ,  delineating the gaps between service desk requirements and the capabilities of existing technology and resources ,  and recommending improvements .    collaborates with subject matter experts to document ,  research ,  review ,  and update issues in the knowledge management systems .  supports the development of end - user documentation by working with the performance support team ,  making content recommendations and assisting with the review of documentation .    supports internal teams and projects .  identifies end - user needs and communicate those to project teams .  participates in system testing and knowledge management activities .     maintains proper handling and storage of media to ensure integrity of data for disaster recovery needs which involves processing tape handling .  provides quality of printed materials within timeframe specified and may be required to assist with deliveries .  consult with vendors to report hardware failures .   successful candidates will be expected to demonstrate in this role the following organization competencies ,  but not limited to    creative problem solving  /  strategic thinking  -  demonstrated ability to provide necessary attention to solve different level problems ,  often multitasking to solve moderate level problems .    quality service  -  demonstrated ability to see issues from the customer s perspective assesses urgency of requests and responds accordingly .    communication  -  demonstrated ability to communicate clearly ,  correctly ,  knowledgeably ,  and effectively both verbally and in writing .  demonstrated ability to communicate effectively to groups ,  varying style to fit the audience ,  actively communicating with those with differing opinions and differing levels of understanding .   required qualifications     bachelors degree in computer science ,  business computing or a related field ,  or equivalent combination of education ,  certification ,  and experience .    minimum of two years experience in a related role requiring confidentiality ,  timeliness ,  customer service ,  organization ,  prioritization ,  troubleshooting ,  and working independently to successfully assist customers in their utilization of computer and network hardware and software .    proficiency with integrated computing environments and / or administrative systems support .    demonstrated proficiency with hardware and network monitoring software tools such as nagios ,  spectrum ,  intermapper ,  unicenter  ,  etc .    demonstrated experience with it service management tools such as service now ,  remedy ,  etc .    demonstrated knowledge of operating systems  ( windows ,  macos )  and industry standard web browsers )  .    demonstrated ability to leverage appropriate resources and technical tools to perform day - to - day support tasks .    demonstrated proficiency with current computer technology and applications  ( e . g .  word processing ,  spreadsheet ,  and collaboration applications )  .    occasionally will need to lift and move 25lb .  boxes of paper from loading dock to printer station  desired qualifications     itil foundation certification   demonstrated experience with building management software tools such as siemens building management system ,  eaton foreseer ,  tridium ,  etc .    demonstrated experience with job scheduling software .   work schedule  its data center operations operates 24 hours per day ,  365 days per year .  successful candidates will need flexibility to work overtime ,  weekends and some holidays .   shift to be filled   shift 2  4 00 pm  -  midnight  -  tuesday ,  wednesday ,  thursday ,  friday ,  and saturday  additional information  the university of michigan was featured as one of the   great colleges to work for   in the 2012 chronicle of higher education .   physical demands / work environment punctual ,  regular ,  and consistent attendance is required .  continuous sitting at a desk and / or computer when performing production support tasks .  ability to work outside of normal business hours .  will require working during non - business hours and on weekends .  responsible for protecting data and information from unauthorized release or from loss ,  alteration ,  or unauthorized deletion  and ,  following applicable regulations and instructions regarding access to computerized files ,  release of data ,  etc .  as stated in a computer access agreement which the incumbent signs .   the statements included in this description are intended to reflect the general nature and level of work assigned to this classification and should not be interpreted as all - inclusive .   u - m eeo / aa statement  the university of michigan is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 the pathologist assistant performs gross dissection and description of pathology specimens  ( both small and large / complex )  including recording weights ,  measurements ,  gross features ,  and extent of abnormalities  selecting and submitting samples to be examined microscopically by the pathologist  and assisting in all aspects of peri - natal ,  neonatal ,  pediatric ,  and adult post - mortem examinations ,  including review of medical records ,  gross dissection ,  and selection of samples for microscopic examination ,  under supervision and control of a pathologist .   reports to the anatomic pathology manager .  provides professional supervision of pathology laboratory assistants .   serving more than 200 , 000 patients annually ,  california pacific medical center provides a wide variety of services including  acute hospital care ,  a full range of post - acute care ,  home care and hospice services ,  outpatient medical care ,  and preventive ,  complementary ,  and educational services .  the medical center also provides professional education and basic biomedical ,  clinical and behavioral research .  today ,  with its 1 , 254 licensed acute care beds and 25 residential beds ,  california pacific medical center is one of the largest private ,  non - profit academic medical centers in california .   qualifications    bachelor s degree in biologicl sciences ,  allied health sciences or related field required .    current certification by the american association of pathologist assistants ,  the board of registry of the american society for clinical pathology ,  or another national accrediting agency approved by the department required .    minimum 2 years exerience ias a pathologist assistant in a complex medical center ,  with extensive experience handling large and complex surgical pathology specimens and performing post - mortem examinations .  n a medium or high complexity laboratory .    proficiency in computer use ,  including the internet and multiple - interfaced systems ,  excel and ms word or equivalent applications .   primary location   california - san francisco - san francisco  other locations   california - san francisco - san francisco  organization   california pacific medical center  employee status   regular  accepted applications   all candidate applications accepted  employee referral bonus   no  benefits   no  position status   non - exempt  union   no  job shift   variable  days of the week scheduled   varied days  weekend requirements   other  shift start time   variable  shift end time   variable  schedule   per diem  hours per 2wk pay period   variable     
 job opening id     87283 working title     telecom network help desk intermediate job title     telecom ntwrk help desk inter work location     ann arbor campus ann arbor ,  mi full / part time     full - time regular / temporary     regular flsa status     nonexempt organizational group     its dc department     its data centers shared costs posting begin / end date     9 / 17 / 2013 – 10 / 01 / 2013 salary     $38 , 846 . 00 – $50 , 500 . 00 career interest     information technology  telecom network help desk intermediate  how to apply  a cover letter and resume are required  the cover letter must be page 1 of your resume .  the letter should    ( 1 )  specifically outline the reasons for your interest in the position   ( 2 )  outline your particular skills and experience that directly relate to this position  and  ( 3 )  include your current or ending salary .   starting salary may vary depending on qualifications and experience of the selected candidate  job summary  information and technology services  ( its )  at the university of michigan has three  ( 3 )  openings within the data center operations for network help desk consultants to provide monitoring of the voice ,  video ,  network and data center infrastructure and related systems utilizing set protocols and troubleshooting skills in response to multiple ,  competing events ,  alarms /  issues in the network / voice / data / hardware monitoring systems .  this position additionally provides tier 1 support to faculty ,  staff ,  students ,  guests and alumni .  the consultant will be responsible for effectively and efficiently handling monitoring and requests by ensuring quick and responsible resolution of issues .  the successful candidates will possess superior technical support knowledge ,  stellar customer service skills and ability to adapt to changes .   shift to be filled   shift 2  4 00 pm  -  midnight  -  tuesday ,  wednesday ,  thursday ,  friday ,  and saturday  responsibilities    monitors voice ,  video and data networks ,  job schedules ,  servers ,  storage devices and physical infrastructure with the ability to address multiple ,  competing events simultaneously to ensure timely handling / resolution of alerts and outages .  recognize events through all monitoring systems in a timely manner to ensure service level agreements are met .    receives in - bound emails ,  web requests and phone calls from end - users .  evaluates problems and determine priority of responding .  researches ,  isolates ,  and troubleshoots technical instances .  provides resolutions ,  workarounds ,  and problem escalation for tier ii support to ensure end - users successfully utilize the um computing environment and administrative systems .  educate the end - user community for access to supported systems utilizing internal help desk tools to walk users through the systems .  follows - up with users to ensure problem resolution .  provides end - users with information on how to access help documentation and e - learning resources .    provides support to end users for pc ,  server ,  hardware and / or administrative systems .  may interact with network services ,  software systems engineering ,  and applications development and hardware vendors to restore service .  identifies and corrects core problems .  simulates or recreates user problems to resolve operating difficulties which may include desktop or browser configuration problems .  escalates complex problems to senior staff .    collaborates with team members and tier 2 and 3 teams to understand service improvement requests and opportunities .  supports service enhancement projects that involve resolution and quality improvements by identifying and quantifying service desk requirements ,  delineating the gaps between service desk requirements and the capabilities of existing technology and resources ,  and recommending improvements .    collaborates with subject matter experts to document ,  research ,  review ,  and update issues in the knowledge management systems .  supports the development of end - user documentation by working with the performance support team ,  making content recommendations and assisting with the review of documentation .    supports internal teams and projects .  identifies end - user needs and communicate those to project teams .  participates in system testing and knowledge management activities .     maintains proper handling and storage of media to ensure integrity of data for disaster recovery needs which involves processing tape handling .  provides quality of printed materials within timeframe specified and may be required to assist with deliveries .  consult with vendors to report hardware failures .   successful candidates will be expected to demonstrate in this role the following organization competencies ,  but not limited to    creative problem solving  /  strategic thinking  -  demonstrated ability to provide necessary attention to solve different level problems ,  often multitasking to solve moderate level problems .    quality service  -  demonstrated ability to see issues from the customer s perspective assesses urgency of requests and responds accordingly .    communication  -  demonstrated ability to communicate clearly ,  correctly ,  knowledgeably ,  and effectively both verbally and in writing .  demonstrated ability to communicate effectively to groups ,  varying style to fit the audience ,  actively communicating with those with differing opinions and differing levels of understanding .   required qualifications     bachelors degree in computer science ,  business computing or a related field ,  or equivalent combination of education ,  certification ,  and experience .    minimum of two years experience in a related role requiring confidentiality ,  timeliness ,  customer service ,  organization ,  prioritization ,  troubleshooting ,  and working independently to successfully assist customers in their utilization of computer and network hardware and software .    proficiency with integrated computing environments and / or administrative systems support .    demonstrated proficiency with hardware and network monitoring software tools such as nagios ,  spectrum ,  intermapper ,  unicenter  ,  etc .    demonstrated experience with it service management tools such as service now ,  remedy ,  etc .    demonstrated knowledge of operating systems  ( windows ,  macos )  and industry standard web browsers )  .    demonstrated ability to leverage appropriate resources and technical tools to perform day - to - day support tasks .    demonstrated proficiency with current computer technology and applications  ( e . g .  word processing ,  spreadsheet ,  and collaboration applications )  .    occasionally will need to lift and move 25lb .  boxes of paper from loading dock to printer station  desired qualifications     itil foundation certification   demonstrated experience with building management software tools such as siemens building management system ,  eaton foreseer ,  tridium ,  etc .    demonstrated experience with job scheduling software .   work schedule  its data center operations operates 24 hours per day ,  365 days per year .  successful candidates will need flexibility to work overtime ,  weekends and some holidays .   shift to be filled   shift 2  4 00 pm  -  midnight  -  tuesday ,  wednesday ,  thursday ,  friday ,  and saturday  additional information  the university of michigan was featured as one of the   great colleges to work for   in the 2012 chronicle of higher education .   physical demands / work environment punctual ,  regular ,  and consistent attendance is required .  continuous sitting at a desk and / or computer when performing production support tasks .  ability to work outside of normal business hours .  will require working during non - business hours and on weekends .  responsible for protecting data and information from unauthorized release or from loss ,  alteration ,  or unauthorized deletion  and ,  following applicable regulations and instructions regarding access to computerized files ,  release of data ,  etc .  as stated in a computer access agreement which the incumbent signs .   the statements included in this description are intended to reflect the general nature and level of work assigned to this classification and should not be interpreted as all - inclusive .   u - m eeo / aa statement  the university of michigan is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 physician affiliate group of new york  ( pagny )  is comprised of over 2 , 000 physicians and healthcare professionals who provide services to nyc health and hospitals corporation  ( hhc )  ,  the largest public health system in the united states .   our practitioners are highly skilled professionals with outstanding credentials who deliver the highest level of quality healthcare to patients throughout new york city .   eoe m / f / d / v harlem hospital center provides a wide range of medical ,  surgical ,  diagnostic ,  therapeutic ,  and family support services .  the hospital is a 286 bed acute care facility and a designated level 1 trauma center ,  with a full spectrum of specialty services ,  including a burn unit ,  an adult intensive care unit ,  a neonatal intensive care unit ,  a pediatric intensive care unit ,  and a cardiac care unit .    under the supervision and direction of the chief of surgical pathology / autopsy and manager - histopathology ,  the pathologist assistant prepares and performs the gross examination and dissection of anatomic pathology specimens . prepares tissue for pathological tests including frozen section diagnosis ,  cytology specimens ,  em tissue collection ,  muscle biopsies ,  ace specimens and renal biopsies . photographs gross and microscopic specimens and assists in preparations of educational conferences . performs postmortem examinations . addresses daily and monthly qa reports .    minimum of a bachelors degree from a naacls accredited pa program ,  masters degree preferredminimum three years of experience in acute care or academic medical centercurrent nys licensecertified by the american society for clinical pathology  ( ascp )  or aapapossess excellent dexterity and analytic skillsability to plan and organize technical work ,  manage workload ,  operate technical instruments and equipment ,  and input dataclear speaking abilitiesability to use available resource material independently to resolve and document challenges constructivelyexcellent verbal ,  written and communications skillsmaintain excellent interpersonal relationships with staff ,  patients and vendorsmust have the ability to work independently     
 retail representative  -  n .  philadelphia ,  pa   ( part time )    ( 1300000083 )   nintendo of america  the worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment ,  nintendo co .  ,  ltd .  ,  of kyoto ,  japan ,  manufactures and markets hardware and software for its wii u™ and wii™ home consoles ,  and nintendo 3ds™ and nintendo ds™ families of portable systems .  since 1983 ,  when it launched the nintendo entertainment system™ ,  nintendo has sold more than 4 billion video games and more than 637 million hardware units globally ,  including the current - generation wii u ,  nintendo 3ds and nintendo 3ds xl ,  as well as the game boy™ ,  game boy advance ,  nintendo ds ,  nintendo dsi™ and nintendo dsi xl™ ,  super nes™ ,  nintendo 64™ ,  nintendo gamecube™ and wii systems .  it has also created industry icons that have become well - known ,  household names such as mario™ ,  donkey kong™ ,  metroid™ ,  zelda™ and pokemon™ .  a wholly owned subsidiary ,  nintendo of america inc .  ,  based in redmond ,  wash .  ,  serves as headquarters for nintendo s operations in the western hemisphere .  for more information about nintendo ,  please visit the company s website at http  /  / www . nintendo . com .      in order to be considered for any of our openings ,  all applicants must be a resident of area listed below .   ( please do not apply for this position if you do not meet this requirement .  )   area ( s )   n .  philadelphia ,  pa    provides merchandising service ,  product education ,  product demonstration ,  and display maintenance support to retail stores   completes store calls with focus on special projects ,  top volume and high profile stores .    completes reports ,  surveys ,  and e - mails and transmits via hand - held computer   conducts inventories   manages demo software in assigned territory   builds relationships and maintains communication with store personnel   maintains display parts and pop inventory   sets up and maintains displays and display cases   restocks product from store inventory to shelves   may assist with reset of large planograms   cleans and repairs displays   distributes pop items   provides product demonstrations and education to store personnel ,  both individual and group presentations   gathers and provides to management insights from the field ,  to include both written information and digital photographs   overtime periods ,  weekend and holiday work   extensive local travel   overnight travel  summary of requirements    one to three years of related experience   ability to create and follow an efficient schedule   possess good basic math skills   accurate counting skills   good manual dexterity   ability to use a computer and digital camera   ability to perform routine display repair .  .  .    valid driver license   good driving record   reliable transportation and proof of insurance   must have access to a telephone line ,  high speed internet ,  and adequate storage space   high school diploma or equivalent   formal training in merchandising helpful     applications and resumes will only be accepted through nintendo s website as we no longer accept paper ,  faxed ,  or emailed resumes .   we are an equal opportunity employer valuing diversity…celebrating strengths .   job   marketing / merchandising  primary location   pa - philadelphia  organization   nes merchandising inc .   schedule   part - time  number of openings   1  work days   varies  hours / week   24  salary   doe  about us  we are an equal opportunity employer valuing diversity…celebrating strengths .      
 pathology assistant associate (   job number  201730 )   here in hawaii ,  the spirit of aloha permeates our daily actions and interactions .  it ? s a welcoming spirit and one that ? s alive and well at kaiser permanente hawaii .  since 1958 ,  we have proudly served our island communities as  ? ohana .  today ,  each of us ? from our finance ,  business ,  and it experts ,  to our rns ,  allied health professionals ,  and physicians ? contributes to that ongoing mission .  if you ? re looking to be a part of our rich heritage of care ,  this is the place to put your beliefs into practice .   description  performs and assists in performance of surgical and necropsy examinations as deemed competent .  lays out instruments ,  prepares remains and performs initial preparation of tissues for study .  handles and maintains accurate identification of various specimens  maintains condition of equipment and clean work area .   essential functions  • performs surgical specimen examinations ,  dissection ,  gross description and dictation as deemed competent • assists in preparation and performance of post - mortem examinations • ascertains proper and legal authorization for necropsy  in case of error or question ,  initiates procedure to obtain proper authorization • arranges and coordinates patient s chart and other pertinent data for review with pathologist • positions body  performs or assists pathology resident in gross dissection  takes measurement  weighs organs  dictates description of procedure and specimens observing presence of foreign objects or adhesions ,  organ relationships ,  and presence of body fluids • prepares and stores tissue .  assists with processing ,  assessing ,  and identification of same  obtains specimens for analysis • photographs body ,  organs ,  and other specimens  maintains photographic index • assures proper restoration of body for acceptable release to funeral director  indicates any biohazards such as contagious diseases or radioactive implants which may be present • assists in snop coding of surgical and necropsy diagnosis and specimens  helps maintain files of snop codes • maintains clean ,  orderly work area and ensures proper maintenance of instruments and equipment .  orders adequate inventory of supplies ,  materials and equipment • instructs and trains assigned personnel ,  e . g .  ,  medical students ,  medical technicians and technologists ,  etc .  ,  in designated areas of expertise  qualifications  basic qualifications  • pathology related experience or successful completion of coursework or training in biology and chemistry area • bachelor s degree in a chemical ,  physical ,  biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from an accredited institution • demonstrated knowledge of and skill in adaptability ,  change management ,  oral communication ,  results orientation ,  systems thinking ,  teamwork ,  and written communication • demonstrated knowledge of and skill in word processing ,  spreadsheet ,  and database pc applications  primary location   hawaii - honolulu - malama ohana snf / lab 3288 moanalua rd .   scheduled hours  ( 1 - 40 )    40  shift   evening  working days   mon  -  fri  working hours start   2 00 pm  working hours end   10 30 pm  schedule   full - time  job type   standard  employee status   regular  employee group   non - union ,  non - exempt  job level   individual contributor  job   laboratory  public department name   pathology / lab - anatomical  travel   no  external hires must pass a background check / drug screen .   we are proud to be an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 summary   the receptionist ii is responsible for greeting the patients and establishing a friendly ,  positive encounter for each patient s visit .  the receptionist ii is responsible for maintaining patient flow ,  answering phones promptly and courteously and maintaining schedules .  the receptionist ii is responsible for posting office charges ,  payments and adjustments .  the receptionist ii is expected to adhere to all ccpn policies .   qualifications   high school graduate or equivalent .  at least two years of experience in a medical office or one year of cook children s physician network medical office experience using a modern emr system such as athena or comparable .  understanding of diversified insurance plans .  knowledge of coding and medical terminology .  exhibit good interpersonal and communication skills .  maturity to withstand pressure that may arise in relation to the public and physician .      
 retail representative  -  s .  minneapolis  ( full - time )    ( 130000008g )   nintendo of america inc .   the worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment ,  nintendo co .  ,  ltd .  ,  of kyoto ,  japan ,  manufactures and markets hardware and software for its wii u™ and wii™ home consoles ,  and nintendo 3ds™ and nintendo ds™ families of portable systems .  since 1983 ,  when it launched the nintendo entertainment system™ ,  nintendo has sold more than 4 billion video games and more than 637 million hardware units globally ,  including the current - generation wii u ,  nintendo 3ds and nintendo 3ds xl ,  as well as the game boy™ ,  game boy advance ,  nintendo ds ,  nintendo dsi™ and nintendo dsi xl™ ,  super nes™ ,  nintendo 64™ ,  nintendo gamecube™ and wii systems .  it has also created industry icons that have become well - known ,  household names such as mario™ ,  donkey kong™ ,  metroid™ ,  zelda™ and pokemon™ .  a wholly owned subsidiary ,  nintendo of america inc .  ,  based in redmond ,  wash .  ,  serves as headquarters for nintendo s operations in the western hemisphere .  for more information about nintendo ,  please visit the company s website at http  /  / www . nintendo . com .      in order to be considered for any of our openings ,  all applicants must be a resident of the area listed below .   ( please do not apply for this position if you do not meet this requirement .  )   area ( s )   s .  minneapolis ,  mn  description of duties    provides merchandising service ,  product education ,  product demonstration ,  and display maintenance support to retail stores   completes store calls with focus on special projects ,  top volume and high profile stores .    completes reports ,  surveys ,  and e - mails and transmits via hand - held computer   conducts inventories   manages demo software in assigned territory   builds relationships and maintains communication with store personnel   maintains display parts and pop inventory   sets up and maintains displays and display cases   restocks product from store inventory to shelves   may assist with reset of large planograms   cleans and repairs displays   distributes pop items   provides product demonstrations and education to store personnel ,  both individual and group presentations   gathers and provides to management insights from the field ,  to include both written information and digital photographs   overtime periods ,  weekend and holiday work   extensive local travel   overnight travel  summary of requirements    one to three years of related experience   ability to create and follow an efficient schedule   possess good basic math skills   accurate counting skills   good manual dexterity   ability to use a computer and digital camera   ability to perform routine display repair .  .  .    valid driver license   good driving record   reliable transportation and proof of insurance   must have access to a telephone line ,  high speed internet ,  and adequate storage space   high school diploma or equivalent   formal training in merchandising helpful     applications and resumes will only be accepted through nintendo s website as we no longer accept paper ,  faxed ,  or emailed resumes .   we are an equal opportunity employer valuing diversity…celebrating strengths .   job   marketing / merchandising  primary location   mn - minneapolis  ( south )   organization   nes merchandising inc .   schedule   full - time  number of openings   1  work days   varies  hours / week   40  salary   doe  about us  we are an equal opportunity employer valuing diversity…celebrating strengths .      
 under the direction of the section manager ,  performs a variety of clerical duties and pathology office operations in support of the patient care activities of the department .  ensures even specimen flow and continuous communication with the pathology lab .  is proficient or able to become proficient in copath ,  affinity and scm information systems as well as outlook ,  word and excel .      
 job title  intern for private member network and summit reports to  head of membership location  culver city ,  ca start date  asap compensation  unpaid internship .  college credit about pttow !  pttow !  is an invite only ,  member network and annual summit focused on the trillion dollar young adult market  ( p14 - 34 )  .  bringing together ceo’s ,  icons ,  and top marketers from the world s most innovative companies ,  pttow !  serves as a high - level forum for discussing youth media ,  marketing and culture across every major industry category .  speakers and members include  his holiness the 14th dalai lama ,  will . i . am  ( bep )  ,  linkin park ,  kelly slater ,  tony hawk among executives from facebook ,  dc shoes ,  hp ,  coke ,  pepsi ,  quiksilver ,  youtube ,  us state dept .  ,  volcom ,  gates foundation ,  red bull ,  edelman ,  warner bros .  music ,  20th century fox + more… overview  we are looking for a intern who loves to win to join our growing world - class organization !  we are looking for someone who is passionate and motivated .  driven ,  with an entrepreneurial spirit .  resourceful ,  innovative ,  forward thinking and committed .  the interns primary goal is to support the needs of     
 kennestone regional medical center ,  as a level ii trauma center ,  making wellstar kennestone the only designated trauma center in wellstar health system s five county primary service area  ( bartow ,  cherokee ,  cobb ,  douglas and paulding counties )  ,  has immediate openings for experienced and professional pathologist  assistant .  we offer competitive pay ,  great benefits ,  national and local discount programs ,  tuition reimbursement and more  !  with its emergency department of three trauma rooms and 63 exam rooms it is one of the busiest in the state .  we have an exciting opportunity for a pathologists  assistant at wellstar health system in suburban atlanta for a qualified applicant to join two other pas and a collegial group of pathologists in a team approach to excellent patient care .  all surgical specialties are represented giving a wide variety of interesting cases .  we offer competitive pay and great benefits !  under the general supervision of a pathologist ,  the pathologists  assistant performs gross examination ,  description ,  and sectioning of surgical specimens in a manner that meets professional standards and satisfies cap approved cancer protocols .  the pathologists  assistant assists with or performs dissection and gross description of autopsies .  required minimum education  baccalaureate or masters in certified pathologists  assistant program or equivalent experience .  american society for clinical pathology certification or eligibility is required .  thank you for your interest in wellstar .  we are an equal opportunity employer .  to apply for this position ,  please click here     
 qpharma is growing !  we have an opening for a junior microsoft network engineer to join our it team .  this position is ideal for candidates possessing up to 2 + years of it experience with microsoft technologies including windows server ,  exchange  (  2003 / 2010 / 2013 )  and active directory .  the junior microsoft network engineer will work in our corporate office located at 22 south street ,  morristown ,  nj supporting the internal qpharma network and internal clients .  required competencies  microsoft windows operating system exchange 2003 / 2010 / 2013 experience in the maintenance and implementation of virtual environments ability to work independently or as part of a group excellent written and verbal communication skills ability to get project done on time this position requires up to 2+ years of previous experience .  mcse ,  mcsa ,  ccna ,  vcp or network certifications are preferred .  this is a full time position working onsite in morristown ,  nj .      
 bilingual  ( spanish / english )  speech pathology assistant  slpa needed for a privately owned pediatric practice in fayetteville .  must be eligible to be registered under an slp license .  caseload involves home visits in cumberland and robeson county as well as work based in one of our clinics .    not just a place to work ,  but a place to belong .    if you want to grow in your personal and professional life ,  we d love to have you as a part of the therapy playground family .  we are located in fayetteville ,  nc and we are a clinician run pediatric group where team members support each other in a low pressure work environment .  one of our top priorities is to give our employees the freedom and the tools to provide quality treatment in a fun and flexible atmosphere .  we believe that in order for children to enjoy and grow in therapy ,  the clinician must also enjoy the experience .  see our employee testimonials for more information about the terrific opportunities that await you at therapy playground .  our full and part time positions are salaried and include a benefits package .  we offer the following benefits  holiday pay professional perks training health plans schedule flexibility less paperwork technology driven child and family - centered marketing billing training     
   working toward a degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  or related field    able to commit to a minimum of 10 weeks    u . s .  citizenship or lawful permanent residence status may be required for some porjects in which case ,  verification of such status will be required upon accepting employment .    are you at the top of your class ?  we hire the best and brightest in each field from schools across the us !  our goal is to be integral in helping you grow and excel at the start of your career ,  immersed in a culture that encourages you to think of new ideas .  you will be working side by side with our top talent and other interns ,  learning from the best in the industry .  you provide dedication ,  hard work ,  and creative thought and we’ll provide you with an excellent internship opportunity .  you could even be our future new grad !   all viasat interns have high academic achievements ,  strong motivation skills and have the capability to work in several disciplines .      working toward a degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  or related field    able to commit to a minimum of 10 weeks    u . s .  citizenship or lawful permanent residence status may be required for some porjects in which case ,  verification of such status will be required upon accepting employment .      
 anatomic pathology assistant legacy health system’s laboratory is an integrated lab service .  staff may be assigned to lab facilities at different sites in the system .  this individual may maintain the daily operations of the gross surgical suite and morgue or alternatively the cytology department ,  involving all aspects of specimen processing ,  documentation ,  and maintenance of a clean and safe working environment .  contact with formaldehyde and other carcinogens / biohazards .  there may be contact with cadavers and specimens obtained during autopsies .  registers patients ,  orders tests in the computer system ,  supports staff and pathologists in histology and cytology .  applies knowledge of anatomic ,  physiological and ,  as relevant ,  psychological processes ,  to provide appropriate service to neonatal ,  pediatric ,  adolescent ,  adult ,  geriatric patients ,  and patients with special needs .       education  high school graduate with college preparation in biology ,  zoology and anatomy preferred .  skills  good communication skills ,  excellent team player ,  good organizational skills ,  and attention to detail .  supports and models the legacy preferred employee profile .      
 job location  omaha ,  ne  job title  intern ,  network operations job id  101204 job location  omaha ,  nebraska employment type  full - time contract type  temporary manager level  not assigned  a leader in brokerage and investment services for over 35 years ,  td ameritrade offers a full spectrum of powerful solutions and innovative tools for trading and investing .  we re constantly expanding our knowledge and bolstering our capabilities ,  from a leading active trader program to intuitive long - term investment solutions and a national branch system .  combined with some of the industry s brightest minds ,  there s no limit to how big our accomplishments can be .   from first - time investors to sophisticated traders ,  td ameritrade is focused on helping individuals seek out their financial goals .  and you re the ambassador to all that we do .  beginning with our trading platform and proprietary technology to our resolve to outperform ,  you ll maintain the high level of quality and integrity we re known for ,  each and every day .  with the right opportunity ,  there s no limit to what you can accomplish .   as a leading employer in financial services ,  we believe in building strong relationships ,  achieving quality results and working with integrity .  it s at the heart of everything we do .  that s why we provide you with comprehensive training ,  benefits and programs that inspire you to achieve more every day .  apply to a td ameritrade job today and help our clients pursue their dreams ,  while you fulfill yours .   applicants must be eligible to work in the u . s .  immigration sponsorship is typically not available for this position .   role   the mission the network operations center is to ensure the highest level of technology availability through operational excellence ,  proactive monitoring ,  incident management ,  and problem management  while providing the vision to expertly evolve the service ,  collaborate with our colleagues  and execute the correct mix of tactical and strategic projects .   the purpose of this position is to provide an immediate escalation point for the expeditious resolution of complex and high impact system incidents through creative problem solving and event correlation and to provide technical guidance .  the intern ,  network operations will develop a broad and deep technical and business skill knowledge .  at the conclusion of the internship ,  the intern will have further developed expertise in multiple technical disciplines and the industry .   the strengths of the intern are the ability to define creative solutions to system problems .  the intern will develop strong communications skill and will develop the ability to discuss complex technical or business issues in simple ,  easy to understand terms .   requirements     mis ,  computer science or math majors preferred   college junior level or higher actively enrolled in college   maintaining gpa of 3 . 0 or higher   availability to work 16 - 20 hours per week .  hours available are monday – friday from 6 30 a . m .  – 2 30 p . m .  and some hours on weekends and holidays between the hours of 7 a . m .  – 7 p . m .    training or experience in the administration and engineering of technical infrastructure including unix ,  windows ,  network storage ,  middleware ,  database ,  etc .  preferred   coursework in statistics  data visualization preferred   strong learning agility ,  curiosity and problem solving skills   solid written and verbal communication skills   ability to act independently with limited supervision within scope of responsibility  td ameritrade participates in the e - verify program for those states requiring e - verify .  for additional information on this program please click here .   td ameritrade is an equal opportunity employer .  we value diversity and offer a quality workplace .   td ameritrade ,  inc .  member finra / sipc / nfa is a subsidiary of td ameritrade holding corporation  ( nasdaq  amtd )  .  td ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by td ameritrade ip company and the toronto - dominion bank .  © 2012 td ameritrade ip company ,  inc .  all rights reserved .  used with permission .   job id  101204     
 anatomic pathology  -  pathology assistant ii ,  fulltime  facility  u of m st joseph medical center  employment type  full time location  towson ,  md  shift / schedule  day department  pathology  posted fte  1 . 0 job posting category  allied health  hours of work  mon  -  fri every 4th sat job id #  28788  benefits eligible  yes minimum education  4 year  /  bachelor s degree   ( required )   license / cert required  not indicated minimum experience  2  -  4 years experience  ( required )   specialty type  not applicable  share on linkedin !  linkedin  share on facebook !  facebook  share on twitter !  twitter    what you will do   the pathology assistant ii provides comprehensive analysis and processing of all surgical specimens in an organized and systematic manner according to departmental policy and standards .   what you need to be successful   education   4 year  /  bachelor s degree   ( required )    high school diploma or ged  ( required )  master science ,  pathology assistant program  ( preferred )   certification  /  licensure  /  registration not applicable – no certification and licensure requirements required or preferred  experience and skills  2  -  4 years experience  ( required )      
 ## description   intern – fall 2013 undergraduate – media relations  ( fx networks  -  los angeles ,  ca )    the media relations team is responsible for securing press coverage for all fx original series ,  acquired content and the network as a whole via electronic press ,  print journalists ,  and online media job duties    daily media clip report   compiling series clip binders   updating monthy movie listings   premiere / red carpet events   assisting with essentials for tca conferences   organizing and archiving press materials   other projects as needed intern will gain hands on publicity experience with regards to event planning ,  talent relations and media interaction .  they will gain professional corporate entertainment experience by working closely with the media relations team which operates on tight deadlines with close attention to details .  ## qualifications   currently enrolled undergraduate student ,  sophomore status or higher .  must be available to work a minimum of 24 hours per week   communications ,  pr or media relations majors preferred   must have a sincere interest in media relations   ms word and excel proficient  req id   fox0001lc     
 responsible for managing the workflow of assigned areas in the clinical laboratory or anatomic pathology ,  designing and maintaining schedules .  participates in updating and maintaining procedures ,  maintaining adequate levels of supplies and training staff to ensure optimum delivery of quality laboratory services .  acts as a resource for problem resolution in assigned areas of the clinical laboratory or anatomic pathology and collaborates with the section supervisor to resolve human resource issues .   essential functions  ·         advises the supervisor of the need for changes in staffing ,  supplies ,  equipment ,  physical facilities ,  procedures and polices .   ·         assists in assuring that laboratory procedures and policies are followed  that work is timely ,  accurate and of high quality  that interactions with patients ,  visitors ,  physicians ,  other laboratory and hospital staff are cooperative and courteous and that efforts to ensure high quality of information and service to patients and physicians have highest priority .   ·         assists in coordinating distribution and flow of work ,  ensures timely and accurate handling of specimens and reports in keeping with laboratory policies ,  objectives and protocols .   ·         assists the supervisor in communicating with personnel providing support and informing them of changes affecting policy and procedure .   ·         assists the supervisor in the timely collection of statistical data relating to areas of responsibilities .   ·         communicates regularly with supervisor in order to keep him / her appropriately informed of activities ,  changes ,  ergonomic issues and problems within the laboratory and to ensure that policies ,  procedures ,  standards ,  objectives and activities in which lab assistants engage are in keeping with those of the clinical laboratories .   ·         designs and maintains appropriate work schedules for staff in assigned areas ,  adjusting staffing to match workload .   ·         is able to perform all laboratory assistant duties in assigned area ( s )  ,  and provide backup coverage for various positions with assigned area ( s )  .   ·         keeps the supervisor advised of all personnel issues in a timely manner .   ·         maintains statistics and records such as workload ,  attendance ,  and utilization as required .   ·         monitors and oversees training of new laboratory assistants ,  as well current laboratory assistants as needed .  accurately documents and maintains training records for all personnel in assigned area .   ·         participates in and enforces life - safety ,  biohazard / hazardous waste ,  infection control ,  and risk management policies ,  procedures and standards .  is responsible for identifying ,  reporting and initiating corrective action for any potentially harmful condition and / or behavior .   ·         participates in the competency assessment of all laboratory assistant personnel within assigned areas ( s )  .   ·         participates in updating and maintaining procedure manuals pertaining to assigned areas ,  and acts as a resource for staff regarding policies and procedures ,  and obtains formal approval from supervisor .   job qualifications   minimum qualifications  any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge ,  skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying .      education  high school diploma or ged equivalent     experience  two  ( 2 )  years of progressively responsible and directly related lab work experience  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities   ·         ability to establish good working relationships with a variety of professional ,  technical and nontechnical staff  ·         ability to organize ,  prioritize ,  multi - task ,  and adapt to changing priorities  ·         ability to perform and complete duties with limited supervision ,  to work effectively and be responsive to constructive criticism  ·         ability to perform work - lead responsibilities such as training and orienting new employees ,  assigning and reviewing work for completeness and accuracy ,  scheduling work ,  and other coordinating and support duties for a supervisor / manager  ·         ability to speak ,  write ,  and understand english effectively at a level appropriate for the job  ·         ability to take initiative and assume responsibility  able to organize self and others  ·         knowledge and comprehensive understanding of the procedures ,  policies ,  systems and equipment used within assigned areas  ·         knowledge of basic laboratory testing procedures ,  laboratory precautions ,  and use and care of common laboratory equipment  ·         knowledge of instruments ,  methods and materials used in a hospital laboratory  ·         knowledge of various nontechnical needs of a laboratory ,  usually acquired from a combination of previous work experience and / or schooling  ·         skills  data entry  csscsspage_searchandbrowsejobs . aspcsspage_searchresults . aspjobtitle1search jobsrequisition . key¤requisition . jobtitle¤requisition . req¤requisition . fk_code_deptname¤ [ requisition . fk_code_deptname ] old . description ( sysfk_code_deptnamedesc ) ¤requisition . fk_code_ft_pt_rel¤ [ requisition . fk_code_ft_pt_rel ] old . description ( sysfk_code_ft_pt_reldesc ) ¤requisition . schedule¤requisition . key¤requisition . jobtitle¤requisition . req¤requisition . fk_code_deptname¤ [ requisition . fk_code_deptname ] old . description ( sysfk_code_deptnamedesc ) ¤requisition . fk_code_ft_pt_rel¤ [ requisition . fk_code_ft_pt_rel ] old . description ( sysfk_code_ft_pt_reldesc ) ¤requisition . schedule¤requisition . dateposted¤between 1 / 1 / 1753 and today¥fk_code_webcategory¤ { 71e551b8 - c394 - 4e89 - 9502 - 706e839e7955 } ¥1 { c7aa32d1 - d270 - 4eb4 - b356 - 0a0311667e18 } lead lab assistant  -  pathology labcsspage_jobdetail . asptrue complete application     
 we look for students who are passionate ,  dedicated ,  energetic ,  resourceful and creative .  we encourage students who possess fundamental skills in not only their area of study ,  but also desire to establish a launching pad for future career opportunities .  as our company continues to set new standards of excellence in live entertainment ,  we are committed to engaging the next generation of entertainment professionals to help keep us at the top of our game .  every department at our company depends on a wide range of skills and ideas to fuel our creative work ,  so we particularly encourage students from diverse backgrounds with varied experiences to apply for our internship programs .  at aeg live ,  you’ll get hands - on experience ,  gain knowledge of the industry and develop a network for your professional career .   • network live  the worlds largest multi - media company focused on producing live ,  branded entertainment .  network live is committed to delivering top quality entertainment across all platforms including 3 - d ,  broadband ,  digital cinema ,  cable / satellite ,  vod ,  mobile and hdtv .   • network live interns manage the networklive . com website ,  create social networking site pages for festivals and events ,  and contact bands and labels about live stream widgets .  they also provide technical support to assist partners with various questions and consult network live team on digital trends to improve efficiency .   internship qualifications  • must be a junior or senior at a full - time and accredited college or university • must provide proof of college credit within first week of internship • appropriate major in related field to desired position • previous work experience  ( industry related experience is encouraged )  • works well in a team environment • commitment to 16 - 20 hours work per week during semester • provide proof of eligibility to work in the u . s .  • computer literacy in ms office programs  ( or other programs if the position demands it ,  adobe photoshop ,  acrobat ,  etc .  )  • can provide own housing and transportation to and from aeg live office in los angeles ,  ca     
 join our movement  at success academy ,  we make history every single day .  our schools rank in the top 1% in math and top 7% in reading among all new york schools .  100% of all scholars passed the 2013 science exam with 99% earning the highest possible rating .  we provide an exploration - driven curriculum for grades k - 12 ,  focused on the whole child ,  teaching chess ,  art ,  and other specialized subjects that bring excitement to the school day and foster a lifelong love of learning .  our communities are calling for more ,  and we are meeting this urgent demand with rapid expansion .   are you ready to join this movement – and make an indelible mark on education reform across new york city ?    interns at success academy charter schools are key players in our daily operation and our constant innovation .  a success academy charter schools internship provides a unique experience to observe and be part of the start - up phase of a highly ambitious and successful non - profit organization .  you will have the opportunity to learn hands - on about how a non - profit organization runs .   executive support team  success academy’s executive support team is currently searching for an ambitious individual to assist the current network office coordinator with various front desk and administrative duties .  this is a great opportunity for a college student or recent grad to gain exposure to they daily operations of a rapidly expanding non - profit organization .   position overview  the network office intern will assist the office coordinator with maintaining a welcoming and efficient working environment at the success academy central office .  this is a part time opportunity with set hours of  monday / wednesday – 5 - 7pm  tuesday / thursday – 1 - 7pm  responsibilities  specific responsibilities include but are not limited to    welcome all visitors ,  including answering questions and facilitating meetings .    oversee the daily operations of office services  ( copier / printer ,  and hvac maintenance )  and cleanliness of common spaces .    help maintain systems for incoming and outgoing communications ,  including phone calls ,  packages and mail  direct all external communication through appropriate channels in a timely manner .    assist with the management of all current vendor and provider relationships as well as update contact databases as needed .    track and manage inventory levels of all office supplies ,  kitchen items ,  and food  order on a weekly basis and re - stock as needed .    provide administrative support to departments as needed ,  including reserving meeting spaces and drafting communications .    this position is ideal for a college student or recent graduate with a strong interest in education or non - profits .  prior administrative experience is helpful ,  but not required .   we are looking for candidates with the following competencies    strong written and verbal communication skills   a sense of urgency and ability to meet deadlines   ability to multi - task and shift priorities   strong organizational skills   proficiency in microsoft office   willingness to go above and beyond job requirements to achieve excellence     
 network system validation intern  -  714188 description this system validation intern position is within network division s network platform solutions group .  the team is responsible for performing system integration and validation for network switch platforms providing l2 / l3 functionality and open flow support .  in this position ,  your responsibilities will include ,  but not be limited to   -  developing system level test plans  -  defining test cases  -  developing test scripts  -  performing manual and automated testing  -  analyzing test results and helping with issue investigation and characterization qualifications you must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work / classes / research and / or relevant previous job and / or internship experiences .  minimum qualifications   -  must be pursuing a bs degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  and / or electrical engineering  -  must have the unrestricted right to work in the us without requiring sponsorship skills and experience include   -  programming experience in perl and c languages  -  ip networking experience ,  including some knowledge of layer 2 and layer 3 switching  -  demonstrated ability to work and solve problems independently or with minimal supervision  -  excellent english writing skills and verbal communication skills  -  hands - on experience with network switches and routers additional desired skills ,  experience ,  and interests   -  familiarity with network routing protocols such as ospf ,  rip ,  and bgp  -  test plan ,  test case ,  and test script development experience  -  testing and troubleshooting / debugging skills  -  experience using linux and ixia / spirent test equipment  -  organized and detail oriented ,  taking the initiative to investigate and document anything that doesn t seem right in the product behavior ,  even if it may seem to be a fluke  -  interested in testing network components job category  engineering primary location  usa - california ,  thousand oaks full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  jun 14 ,  2013 apply before  jun 14 ,  2014 business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .  intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .  iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 join our movement  at success academy ,  we make history every single day .  our schools rank in the top 1% in math and top 7% in reading among all new york schools .  100% of all scholars passed the 2013 science exam with 99% earning the highest possible rating .  we provide an exploration - driven curriculum for grades k - 12 ,  focused on the whole child ,  teaching chess ,  art ,  and other specialized subjects that bring excitement to the school day and foster a lifelong love of learning .  our communities are calling for more ,  and we are meeting this urgent demand with rapid expansion .   are you ready to join this movement – and make an indelible mark on education reform across new york city ?   responsibilities   interns at success academy charter schools are key players in our daily operation and our constant innovation .  a success academy charter schools internship provides a unique experience to observe and be part of the start - up phase of a highly ambitious and successful non - profit organization .  you will have the opportunity to learn hands - on about how a non - profit organization runs .   executive support team  success academy’s executive support team is currently searching for an ambitious individual to assist the current network office coordinator with various front desk and administrative duties .  this is a great opportunity for a college student or recent grad to gain exposure to they daily operations of a rapidly expanding non - profit organization .   position overview  the network office intern will assist the office coordinator with maintaining a welcoming and efficient working environment at the success academy central office .  this is a part time opportunity with set hours of   monday / wednesday – 5 - 7pm  tuesday / thursday – 1 - 7pm  responsibilities  specific responsibilities include but are not limited to     welcome all visitors ,  including answering questions and facilitating meetings .    oversee the daily operations of office services  ( copier / printer ,  and hvac maintenance )  and cleanliness of common spaces .    help maintain systems for incoming and outgoing communications ,  including phone calls ,  packages and mail  direct all external communication through appropriate channels in a timely manner .    assist with the management of all current vendor and provider relationships as well as update contact databases as needed .    track and manage inventory levels of all office supplies ,  kitchen items ,  and food  order on a weekly basis and re - stock as needed .    provide administrative support to departments as needed ,  including reserving meeting spaces and drafting communications .   qualifications   this position is ideal for a college student or recent graduate with a strong interest in education or non - profits .  prior administrative experience is helpful ,  but not required .   we are looking for candidates with the following competencies     strong written and verbal communication skills   a sense of urgency and ability to meet deadlines   ability to multi - task and shift priorities   strong organizational skills   proficiency in microsoft office   willingness to go above and beyond job requirements to achieve excellence  to apply  please upload a resume and cover letter that outlines how your skills and experience meet the qualifications of the network office intern role .   resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed .   success academy charter schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds .  compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience .      
 the city and county of denver’s office of medical examiner  ( ome )  has a vacancy for forensic pathology fellow .  the office of medical examiner investigates deaths that fall under state statute ,  and determines the cause and manner of death .   this position will assist in the performance of medicolegal autopsies ,  and the investigation of medicolegal deaths .  this is a training position for a period of one year that will prepare the fellow for board certification in forensic pathology ,  and is sponsored by the university of colorado school of medicine .   the denver office of medical examiner is accredited by the accreditation council for graduate medical education .   by the investigation of deaths that occur suddenly and unexpectedly ,  by any unnatural or traumatic means ,  or under suspicious circumstances ,  we certify the death and are responsible for subsequent testimony both in civil and criminal litigation .  we actively participate in educational programs to enable health professionals as well as law enforcement officials to better understand mechanisms of trauma and sudden death .      
 being an intern offers a rewarding ,  hands - on experience within define interest by providing an opportunity to gain practical knowledge of the daily operations in the assigned area via observations and shadowing .   intern responsibilities could include detailed project management ,  event planning and support ,  logistics ,  data base management ,  research / planning / analysis ,  web projects ,  public relations .   essential job duties and responsibilities  1 .  develop and implement projects as assigned ,  which could include events ,  activities ,  programs orresearch studies .  2 .  create and carry out a cohesive plan for each assigned project .  establish and maintain contact with all appropriate individuals to ensure that the plan is implemented in the best interest of the organization .  3 .  execute all administrative and operational tasks for assigned projects .   4 .  support and participate in the continuous assessment and improvement of the quality of services provided and projects produced .  5 .  understand and comply with infection control ,  safety ,  and osha procedures and regulations ,  while meeting all in - service requirements as outlined in personnel policy 8312 - 702 - 92 .   minimum qualifications    must be flexible and adaptable to unexpected changes and possess strong organizational ,  interpersonal ,  verbal and writing skills .  should be a self - starter with ability to make decisions independently and solve problems creatively .    ability to represent children s in a mature and professional manner .    ability to handle stress .   willingness to work long hours that could include evenings and weekends ,  if applicable to internship .    proficiency with microsoft office applications  ( word ,  excel ,  power point ,  access ,  outlook )  .  other applications could be desired in assigned areas .    must be able to travel through expanded atlanta metropolitan area .  must provide reliable transportation .   ( if applicable to internship )   non - clinical focus     college or graduate student that is currently working towards a bachelor or master degree in journalism ,  communications ,  business ,  marketing ,  healthcare administration or other related field ,  required .    intern would assist with events ,  donor meetings and administrative needs .   location  children s office park  hours per week  40        
 join our team of professional and passionate health care professionals who are committed to the well - being of our patients and provide patient care based on competence ,  professional expertise ,  knowledge and evidence based practice .   our healthcare assistant i are critical to the success of st .  joseph s medical center and require the full understanding and active participation in fulfilling the mission of catholic health care west  ( chw )  .   it is expected that our employees demonstrate behavior consistent with the core values .   assists technologists and radiologists in the performance of radiographic procedures .   preparing patients and the exam room for procedures  ensures that inpatient and outpatient exams are scheduled in a manner that enables the department to run smoothly and efficiently  contributes to the management of the department by assuming responsibility of specific support functions  performs specific clerical duties ,  coordinates departmental communications and provides administrative support to management team .   requirements     minimum one  ( 1 )  year experience in a related field or completion of a certified medical assistant course   high school graduate or equivalent .    medical terminology course   requires excellent communication skills and a customer service attitude   must speak english and have legible handwriting   bls card required  preferred     medical assistant training preferred .    possess a genuine interest and concern for patients .    demonstrates self - motivated ,  self - directed behavior .    bilingual preferred  about us  st .  joseph s medical center is a member of dignity health .  the word   dignity   perfectly defines what our organization stands for ,  showing respect for all people by providing excellent care .   st .  joseph s medical center ,  was founded in 1899 under the direction of the dominican sisters of san rafael ,  is a not for profit ,  fully accredited ,  regional hospital with 395 beds ,  a physician staff of over 400 ,  and more than 2 , 400 employees .  specializing in cardiovascular care ,  comprehensive cancer services and women and children s services including neonatal intensive care .  st .  josephs is the largest hospital as well as the largest private employer in stockton , california .  nationally recognized as a quality lead ,  st .  josephs is consistently chosen as the   most preferred hospital   by local consumers .   organization   st joseph s medical center  primary location   california - central california service area - stockton - st joseph s medical center  work locations   st joseph s medical center  1800 north california st  stockton 95204  hours per pay period   8  shift   varied  employment type   per diem  work schedule   8hour  number of openings   1  area of interest   imaging  /  radiology     
 as a part of sony electronics  engineering team you can ensure that what we produce is just as extraordinary as the ideas that inspire us .  while we run on fearless creativity and innovation ,  our engineers make certain that everything we do is of the highest quality .  every day ,  they work with advanced technologies ,  including some that most people never even thought possible .  some may call it magic  we call it a commitment to innovation ,  quality ,  and style and design .   sony s us research center located in san jose ,  ca has an exciting internship opportunity in their computational intelligence research lab .  in this position you will be responsible for development of machine learning algorithms ,  & image recognition algorithms and applications .   you will utilize extensive machine learning ,  image recognition ,  and computer vision knowledge to explore advanced technologies and applications in the sony s future business technology and products .   the position will be working alongside senior research engineers who have been working in this field of research for many years and you will receive hands - on learning from them working on their team .   this is a full time ,  paid internship that is immediately available and will likely extend into the fall semester for the right candidate .   qualifications     must be currently enrolled in a masters or preferably a phd program in this field of study    excellent c / c++ ,  matlab coding skills are required    knowledge of machine learning ,  computer vision and pattern recognition is required    experience with machine learning algorithm research is a plus   knowledge of deep learning principles is a plus    ability to work independently    strong aptitude for working on multiple projects in fast - paced environment    excellent oral and written communication skills  sony electronics is an equal opportunity employer that values employees with a broad cross - cultural perspective .   we strive to create an inclusive environment ,  empower employees and embrace diversity .   we encourage everyone to respond .   we sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and thank you for your interest in sony electronics inc .   for a complete list of sony electronics inc .  job opportunities visit  www . sonyjobs . com  to view sony electronics privacy policy visit  www . sel . sony . com / sel / legal / privacy . html  job   intern opportunity  primary location   ca - san jose     
 machine learning intern  -  711251 description come intern with intel s mobile communication group  ( mcg )  organization .  responsibilities may be quite diverse in a technical nature and will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the role ,  u . s .  experience and education requirements .  job assignments may be for the summer or for short periods throughout the school year .  in this particular position ,  the selected candidate will contribute to the creation ,  maintenance and upgrade of machine learning and data mining algorithms and frameworks  development ,  testing ,  and maintenance .  the ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits   -  methodical problem solving skills  -  ability to multitask  -  strong written and verbal communication skills  -  ability to work in a dynamic and team oriented environment qualifications you must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position .  preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates .  experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work / classes / research and / or relevant previous job and / or internship experiences .  minimum qualifications   -  must be pursuing an ms or phd in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering  ,  computer science or applied math  -  minimum of 3 months experience with software programming languages / framework  ( i . e .  c++ ,  python ,  java ,  matlab ,  octave ,  language r ,  weka ,  rapid miner , winbugs ,  etc .  preferred qualifications   -  6 months experience with software programming languages / framework listed above  -  research focus in probabilistic graphical models ,  deep learning ,  probabilistic programming ,  data mining ,  statistical inference and knowledge discovery .   -  publications in probabilistic graphical models ,  deep learning ,  data mining ,  knowledge discovery ,  predictive analytics ,  statistics ,  or machine learning  -  experience writing software in the aforemention areas and / or research / published / presented research papers at leading conferences / journals  ( ie .  tpami ,  rec sys ,  kdd ,  icml ,  nips , aaai ,  ai stats ,  etc .  )  job category  software engineering primary location  usa - arizona ,  phoenix full / part time  full time job type  student / intern regular / temporary  temporary posting date  aug 1 ,  2013 apply before  sep 28 ,  2013 business group employees in the intel architecture group  ( iag )  deliver innovative platforms across computing and communication segments including data centers ,  mobile and desktop personal computers ,  handhelds ,  embedded devices and consumer electronics .  intel s industry leading technology is used to create integrated hardware and software solutions such as processors ,  chipsets ,  communication radios ,  graphics processors ,  motherboards ,  and networking components that deliver capabilities from security and manageability to computing performance and energy efficiency .  iag employees are at the forefront of enabling a new era of computing that is more integrated into all aspects of our daily lives .  posting statement  intel does not discriminate based on race ,  color ,  religion ,  gender ,  national origin ,  age ,  disability ,  protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local law ,  regulation ,  or ordinance .  more info at www . intel . com / jobs .      
 job location  health central  to assist supervisor and technologists in compiling information and tools each day to ensure each patient in the women s center has a positive experience .  to locate and secure prior mammography films ,  digitize and mark properly to enable the radiologists to read them digitally for comparison .  answer phone ,  check / confirm appointments for the women s center .  maintain a relationship with mammologix to ensure letters are created and released in a timely manner for recalls and results .  utilize pacs on a daily basis for digitizing ,  notations ,  merging prior films and scanning reports and or documents . 115782  job id  115782     
 job description works with senior engineers and tech leads to write top - notch code for best of breed ,  scalable ,  and robust systems .  must demonstrate a proven ability to dig into problems and learn quickly .  works autonomously on small projects and tasks and understands software development lifecycle methodology .  must be a u . s .  citizen able to obtain a security clearance required skills · must be a u . s .  citizen able to obtain a security clearance · understanding of basic  o software development logic o code documentation o database connectivity and design o proper coding standards  ( spiral ,  agile ,  etc .  )  · must have a minimum of 2 of the following desired skills  desired skills  · cloud / hadoop · machine learning · artificial intelligence · natural language processing · network security experience · intrusion detection tools such as snort · flow analysis · svn / git · linux and unix · enterprise java  ( ejb 1 . 1+ ,  jsp ,  servlets ,  ajax )  · ide s  ( eclipse ,  jbuilder )  · 2+ work terms of experience with  vb ,  java ,  or c++ ,  web development · demonstrated initiative  ( top of your class ,  awards ,  projects ,  start - ups )  · design patterns ,  architectures ,  frameworks ,  and tools  ( for favorite language )      
 open to internal candidates only please  provides receptionist ,  patient care and scheduling duties to facilitate excellent service to the patients ,  referring physicians ,  radiologists and staff technologists .   high school graduate or equivalent experience required .  strong knowledge of computers preferred .  ability to handle stressful situations preferred .  file room experience preferred .  proficient knowledge of computer / pc required .  organizational skills required .  strong people and communication skills required .  effective phone communication required .      
 the smart forecasting team is looking for a summer intern to do the following    design ,  develop and deploy statistical models and machine learning techniques to improve forecasting model accuracy for inventory planning   software and algorithms   smarter inventory management systems the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .  finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !  this is a summer 2014 position .  who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  we are looking for students who are currently pursuing their master  s or phd degree in computer science ,  software engineering ,  operations research ,  statistics ,  math ,  electrical engineering or a related field .  this is a high energy environment where we solve tough problems and enjoy working with peers who are equally talented and passionate .  successful candidates must possess the following skills  r ,  python ,  sql ,  shell the following are preferred skills  weka ,  java ,  c++ ,  c     
 functions under the direction of the chief technologists or site manager .  providing safe ,  age appropriate care to the patients in accordance with policy and procedures .  maintains good working relationships with managers ,  staff ,  physicians and their staff .  assist technologists with patients ,  processing images ,  and works with radiologists to get images read .  the individual must be able to communicate and understand verbal and written english language and display a positive attitude  ( see wellstar s   standards of gold   and   values   )  .  high school graduate or equivalent .  prefer hospital experience .  demonstrates good communication skill and handwriting .  must obtain medical terminology training within twelve  ( 12 )  months .   required minimum required minimum education   high school graduate or equivalent .   required minimum experience  prefer hospital experience .   required skills  demonstrates good communication skill and handwriting .   must obtain medical terminology training within twelve  ( 12 )  months .  the individual must be able to communicate and understand verbal and written english language and display a positive attitude  ( see wellstarâ€™s â€œstandards of goldâ€ and â€œvaluesâ€ )  .   thank you for your interest in wellstar .  we are an equal opportunity employer .                kennestone hospital allied health part - time     
 database  /  application developer  ( junior )  falls church ,  va one of our clients is seeking an database  /  application developer to join the  ? it support team located in fall church ,  va .  this is an excellent opportunity to be part of a dynamic and professional team in a changing environment with considerable scope for learning and development .  key responsibilities  ( essential duties and functions )  to perform this job successfully ,  an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  design  /  create ,  document ,  deploy and maintain gui - based business applications .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  enhance and support existing business applications  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  troubleshoot and resolve application issues .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  perform end user training on in house developed applications .   ?  experience required  the ideal candidate will typically have ? 1+ years of experience in the development and / or support of applications used by non - technical customers to support and enhance business processes .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  experience with one or more of the following development technologies  java ,  c# ,  or ? ado  . net  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  experience writing complex sql queries .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  experience with ms tools  ( e . g .  ,  excel ,  project ,  visio ,  and access )  .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  proven track record of researching ,  organizing ,  analyzing and synthesizing data to support effective decision making .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  demonstrated ability to work with multi - disciplinary teams .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  excellent verbal and written communication skills .   ?  desirable qualifications   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  comprehensive understanding of relational database concepts .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  understanding of machine learning ,  physics ,  or chemistry  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  experience with data visualization tools  ( r ,  python ,  jfree chart ,  flash ,  crystal reports )  .  education required   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  bachelor s degree in computer science ,  engineering ,  information science ,  chemistry ,  physics ,  or related field or equivalent combination of education and relevant application development experience .   ?   ?      
 1 )  previous marketing / account management experience ,  2 )  previous customer service experience  ( healthcare field preferred )  ,  3 )  excellent verbal communication ,  time management and customer service skills ,  4 )  ability to manage multiple accounts and priorities ,  5 )  computer knowledge and experience with ms office required  ( crm software knowledge a plus )  ,  6 )  valid nevada driver’s license required marketingslashaccount     
 the smart forecasting team is looking for a summer intern to do the following   -  design ,  develop and deploy statistical models and machine learning techniques to improve forecasting model accuracy for inventory planning  -  software and algorithms  -  smarter inventory management systems  the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  we are looking for students who are currently pursuing their master s or phd degree in computer science ,  software engineering ,  operations research ,  statistics ,  math ,  electrical engineering or a related field .  this is a high energy environment where we solve tough problems and enjoy working with peers who are equally talented and passionate .   successful candidates must possess the following skills  r ,  python ,  sql ,  shell         apply     
 coordinates all imaging transactions related to the processing of exam orders and electronic image files .     purges and files film folders   processes imaging check - in / check - out requests and creates imaging cds   inputs imaging information into the hospital computer system   answers incoming telephone calls and routes calls appropriately    places calls and pages for radiologists and radiology residents    assists staff physicians and radiologists by locating patient images and reports    locates and sorts x - ray images needed for surgery ,  endoscopy ,  and various conferences    demonstrates pacs functions to view images and verify reports  qualifications    preferred education or experience    high school diploma or ged    preferred experience    one to two years of previous office or hospital experience     required knowledge and skills     demonstrated customer service skills     demonstrated ability to communicate effectively ,  verbally and written     knowledge of various types of office equipment such as basic computer skills ,  telephone system ,  and fax machines     preferred knowledge and skills     knowledge of human anatomy and radiological procedures     
 coordinates all imaging transactions related to the processing of exam orders and electronic image files .     purges and files film folders   processes imaging check - in / check - out requests and creates imaging cds   inputs imaging information into the hospital computer system   answers incoming telephone calls and routes calls appropriately    places calls and pages for radiologists and radiology residents    assists staff physicians and radiologists by locating patient images and reports    locates and sorts x - ray images needed for surgery ,  endoscopy ,  and various conferences    demonstrates pacs functions to view images and verify reports  qualifications    preferred education or experience    high school diploma or ged    preferred experience    one to two years of previous office or hospital experience     required knowledge and skills     demonstrated customer service skills     demonstrated ability to communicate effectively ,  verbally and written     knowledge of various types of office equipment such as basic computer skills ,  telephone system ,  and fax machines     preferred knowledge and skills     knowledge of human anatomy and radiological procedures     
 corporate administrative assistant  /  front desk  location  atlanta ,  georgia  altisource™ is a provider of services focused on high value ,  knowledge - based functions principally related to real estate and mortgage portfolio management ,  asset recovery and customer relationship management .  utilizing integrated technology that includes decision models and behavioral based scripting engines ,  we provide solutions that improve our clients’ performance and maximize their returns .   altisource has three primary business segments including   mortgage services  -  mortgage portfolio management services that span the mortgage lifecycle  ( e . g .  origination ,  valuation ,  closing and title services ,  default management services ,  asset management and component services )   technology products  -  realsuite of applications  ( residential and commercial loan servicing ,  loss mitigation ,  vendor management and electronic invoice presentment and payment software )  as well as our it infrastructure services  financial services  -  asset recovery and customer relationship management  altisource is developing a reputation as the preeminent technology enabled ,  knowledge based provider of its services .  our focus is on leveraging technology and a global service delivery model to provide highly efficient ,  accurate support of the industries we service .  unique intellectual property ,  such as behavioral - science principles ,  artificial intelligence driven scripting engines and risk decision models are used to reduce performance variability and improve compliance and overall performance for altisource and its clients .   opportunity   as a member of the corporate services and human resources team the candidate and will be responsible for the corporate front desk and lobby area to include interacting with employees ,  guests ,  clients ,  vendors and senior executives .  a successful candidate will be self - motivated ,  organized and detail - oriented with an ability to multitask while working in a fast - paced environment .  this position requires a lot of teamwork and provides a great opportunity to join a growing and successful company .   primary responsibilities     ensure all customers internal and external have the best experience and receive courteous and prompt services in accordance to company protocol both in person and over the phone .    answering a heavy call volume and transferring calls to multiple extensions .    ability to follow oral and written instructions ,  and perform detailed clerical work in a methodical ,  independent and thorough manner with speed and accuracy .    assigning access badges as well as parking passes .    various administrative tasks as necessary .   qualifications and experience     the ideal candidate needs to be very detailed orientated with a great attitude .  this candidate should bring the following    2+ years experience working in an administrative atmosphere preferably in a corporate environment .    experience answering multiple phone lines and transferring to multiple extensions .    experience scheduling and confirming appointments .    excellent communication ,  spelling and grammar skills .    typing ,  computer ,  and windows based software experience .    exceptional customer service skills .    advanced knowledge of ms office suite ,  specifically ms word ,  excel and outlook .    friendly ,  helpful   can do   attitude a must !      
 coordinates all imaging transactions related to the processing of exam orders and electronic image files .     purges and files film folders   processes imaging check - in / check - out requests and creates imaging cds   inputs imaging information into the hospital computer system   answers incoming telephone calls and routes calls appropriately    places calls and pages for radiologists and radiology residents    assists staff physicians and radiologists by locating patient images and reports    locates and sorts x - ray images needed for surgery ,  endoscopy ,  and various conferences    demonstrates pacs functions to view images and verify reports  qualifications    preferred education or experience    high school diploma or ged    preferred experience    one to two years of previous office or hospital experience     required knowledge and skills     demonstrated customer service skills     demonstrated ability to communicate effectively ,  verbally and written     knowledge of various types of office equipment such as basic computer skills ,  telephone system ,  and fax machines     preferred knowledge and skills     knowledge of human anatomy and radiological procedures     
 coordinates all imaging transactions related to the processing of exam orders and electronic image files .     purges and files film folders   processes imaging check - in / check - out requests and creates imaging cds   inputs imaging information into the hospital computer system   answers incoming telephone calls and routes calls appropriately    places calls and pages for radiologists and radiology residents    assists staff physicians and radiologists by locating patient images and reports    locates and sorts x - ray images needed for surgery ,  endoscopy ,  and various conferences    demonstrates pacs functions to view images and verify reports  qualifications    preferred education or experience    high school diploma or ged    preferred experience    one to two years of previous office or hospital experience     required knowledge and skills     demonstrated customer service skills     demonstrated ability to communicate effectively ,  verbally and written     knowledge of various types of office equipment such as basic computer skills ,  telephone system ,  and fax machines     preferred knowledge and skills     knowledge of human anatomy and radiological procedures     
 coordinates all imaging transactions related to the processing of exam orders and electronic image files .     purges and files film folders   processes imaging check - in / check - out requests and creates imaging cds   inputs imaging information into the hospital computer system   answers incoming telephone calls and routes calls appropriately    places calls and pages for radiologists and radiology residents    assists staff physicians and radiologists by locating patient images and reports    locates and sorts x - ray images needed for surgery ,  endoscopy ,  and various conferences    demonstrates pacs functions to view images and verify reports  qualifications    preferred education or experience    high school diploma or ged    preferred experience    one to two years of previous office or hospital experience     required knowledge and skills     demonstrated customer service skills     demonstrated ability to communicate effectively ,  verbally and written     knowledge of various types of office equipment such as basic computer skills ,  telephone system ,  and fax machines     preferred knowledge and skills     knowledge of human anatomy and radiological procedures     
the mayor s race in boston is under way and the felix arroyo campaign for mayor needs your help .  interning for the felix arroyo campaign provides great opportunities for young students to see first hand the inner - workings of a political .  .  .     
 time ,  you ve come across a professional wearing or using a g&k product .  that s because over one million people wear our  .  .  .  share our commitment to excellence and customer service .  at g&k ,  we believe in offering our employees every opportunity .  .  .      
 the certified nursing assistant assists with basic patient care activities .      assists with procedures ordered by physician and supervised by a registered nurse  ( rn )  .    assists patients with tending to personal care ,  activities of daily living and transfers / transport .    reports findings or changes in physical ,  mental and emotional conditions to nursing staff .    assists with keeping patient rooms clean and orderly .      
 about the organization  eeo / drug - free employer description  hcr manorcare provides a range of services ,  including skilled nursing care ,  assisted living ,  post - acute medical and rehabilitation care ,  hospice care ,  home health care and rehabilitation therapy .  assists the administrator in formulation of general and program policies by providing background information and interprets the implications for the agency of policies considered .  responsibilities include assisting with the following  •ensuring growth and profitability of local agency •coordinating clinical services and programs of the agency •preparing and implementing office budget •assures compliance with all necessary standards and regulations •active involvement in accreditation process •responsible for operational functions of the office including rate settings and adjustments ,  reviewing financial data and investigating discrepancies ,  maintaining petty cash ,  and authorizing accounts payable •provide role modeling of team work ,  accountability ,  and a positive attitude in return for your expertise ,  you’ll enjoy excellent training ,  industry - leading benefits and unlimited opportunities to learn and grow .  be a part of the team leading the nation in healthcare .  educational requirements  degree in business ,  health care ,  nursing or related field preferred .  rn required .  position requirements  minimum of 2 years in an administrative or supervisory capacity in a home health agency ,  hospice or other related health program required .  experience in business administration preferred . must be flexible to accommodate schedule changes ,  may require on - call rotation ,  and travel to regional meetings .  may also require work after normal business hours to accommodate referrals and client / business needs .  location  4669  -  heartland hospice services ,  stevens point ,  wisconsin category  operations  -  management expdate  9 / 27 / 2013 082813 bsc     
 the medical assistant assists with the examination and treatment of patients under the direction of a physician .      assists with treatments ordered by physician as supervised by physician or registered nurse .  performs select clinical duties .    interviews patients ,  measures vital signs ,  and records information on patients  charts .  prepares treatment rooms for examination of patients .    performs basic clerical duties including answering the phone ,  maintaining records ,  and filing .    performs basic materials management functions to include ordering and stocking of supplies .  assists with maintaining a clean and orderly environment .      
 we are seeking an intern that will be responsible for taking on 1 - 2 strategic level projects and incubate them  ( investigation + ideation + implementation )  that would identify white space opportunities within a merchandise category that would create new revenue streams for merchandising .  imagine joining a small incubator team in merchandising and being an entrepreneur from within the largest retailer in the world ?  think about the impact once can have developing a new concept to bring to life through walmart ecommerce channel ?   the key deliverables are to work cross functionally with key business stakeholders  ( merchandise managers ,  merch finance & strategy ,  stores ,  site + @labs partners )  to map out key business needs with the greatest immediate impact to the business .  they would use design thinking ,  rapid prototying ,  customer research and analysis and present 1 )  strategy proposal ,  2 )  concepts for concept tests ,  3 )  implementing user testing and 4 )  proposed roadmap to implementation .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  • must be currently pursuing an mba with a focus on design strategy ,  entrepreneurship ,  social innovation ,  business development ,  or ux / ui • excellent verbal ,  written communication skills • must be proficient in microsoft office ,  adobe creative suite  ( illustrator ,  photoshop ,  indesign )  and axure prototyping software .  powerpoint         apply     
 this role will be responsible for working closely with the marketplace director and merchandising svp to assist in developing key strategies that drive growth for walmart . com s marketplace .  primary responsibilities include but are not limited to general strategy support for marketplace ,  assortment expansion strategies ,  third party seller strategies and helping to define the overall strategic vision for the marketplace program .   example projects & deliverables   -  assisting the organization in driving marketplace strategies  -  defining new services to offer third party sellers on walmart . com  the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !  • must be currently pursuing an mba with focus on entrepreneurship ,  marketing ,  product ,  strategy or retail • 3 - 5 years in strategy consulting ,  retailing ,  merchandising or equivalent roles • significant experience ecommerce or other on - line businesses • the position requires strong business acumen and analytical skill - set to both develop insights and recommendations about a particular business issue or opportunity • strategic thinker who has a pulse on new trends in online merchandising and is able to act upon industry trends • proven track record in fast - paced environment with hands - on ,  roll - up - the - sleeves approach .  strong track record of executing with limited resources ,  multiple priorities ,  and ability to work independently • excellent verbal ,  written communication skills • must be proficient in excel and powerpoint         apply     
 under the general supervision of the staff physician ,  the rnfa is a member of the surgical team and provides patient services .  the rnfa must adhere to the guidelines established by the department of surgery and the department of nursing .  patient population ranges from infancy through late adulthood .  requirements  2+ years of experience as an rnfa in surgery .  rn ,  bsn degree required .  rn licensed in pa .  rnfa certificate required .  good organizational and interpersonal skills .  robotic experience highly desired .  career ,  employment ,  jobs ,  opening ,  occupation ,  compensation ,  salary ,  hospital ,  health care ,  healthcare ,  full time ,  temporary ,  part time ,  days ,  evenings ,  nights ,  weekends ,  shift ,  schedule ,  prn ,  per diem ,  casual ,  medical ,  clinical ,  job search ,  job description ,  job board ,  agency ,  job fair ,  physician ,  medicine ,  listings ,  opportunities ,  office ,  unit ,  firm ,  web ,  website ,  abington ,  ambler ,  bucks county ,  central bucks ,  doylestown ,  feasterville ,  fort washington ,  glenside ,  gwynedd ,  hatboro ,  horsham ,  huntingdon valley ,  langhorne ,  lansdale ,  lower bucks ,  montgomery county ,  northeast philadelphia ,  pa ,  north wales ,  oreland ,  richboro ,  southampton ,  trevose ,  upper bucks ,  upper dublin ,  warminster ,  warrington ,  willow grove ,  med / surg ,  med - surg ,  med surg ,  medical / surgical ,  medical - surgical ,  medical surgical ,  or ,  operating room ,  surgery ,  aorn ,  association of perioperative registered nurses ,  bsn ,  bachelor s degree in nursing ,  preop ,  pre - op ,  postop ,  post - op ,  scrub ,  registered nurse ,  rn ,  msn ,  master s degree in nursing ,  rnfa ,  cnor     
 eku is seeking a student for cedet to assist with a foundation for healthy kentucky grant .  ideally ,  we are seeking public administration or public health majors .  student will conduct research on health policies by county ,  review policies in other states ,  assist with data compilation ,  and develop a set of recommendations on health policy for children / youth .       the applicant will need to be self - motivated ,  dependable ,  have a positive attitude ,  and be willing to learn and grow professionally .  must be able to work with sensitive information with discretion and work in a political environment with awareness and sensitivity .      
 the medical assistant assists with the examination and treatment of patients under the direction of a physician .      assists with treatments ordered by physician as supervised by physician or registered nurse .    performs select clinical duties . |   interviews patients ,  measures vital signs ,  and records information on patients  charts .    prepares treatment rooms for examination of patients .    performs basic clerical duties including answering the phone ,  maintaining records ,  and filing .    performs basic materials management functions to include ordering and stocking of supplies .    assists with maintaining a clean and orderly environment .      
 position overview  the creative program assistant will be primarily responsible for managing the execution of the center for entrepreneurship programs .  s / he will manage the efforts to generate program awareness and participation through the creation and execution of program publicity and financial  ( grant )  support .  those programs included ,  but are not limited to ,  the redtire initiative  ( www . redtire . org )  ,  jayhawk consulting  ( www . jayhawkconsulting . org )  ,  the e3 program  ( entrepreneurship education for everyone ,  an extension of the certificate in entrepreneurship program ,  www . entr . ku . edu )  and new programs as they come on line  ( ie  israel study abroad ,  the catalyst student new business incubator ,  etc )  .  flex working hours are available .      
 the medical assistant assists with the examination and treatment of patients under the direction of a physician .      assists with treatments ordered by physician as supervised by physician or registered nurse .  performs select clinical duties .    interviews patients ,  measures vital signs ,  and records information on patients  charts .  prepares treatment rooms for examination of patients .    performs basic clerical duties including answering the phone ,  maintaining records ,  and filing .    performs basic materials management functions to include ordering and stocking of supplies .  assists with maintaining a clean and orderly environment .      
 fareportal is one of the fastest growing travel technology companies in the industry .  based in new york city ,  we power some of north america’s top travel websites which attract close to a million users every day .  we are constantly pushing the envelope for our consumers by providing a cutting edge and seamless user experience .  at fareportal ,  employees are empowered to spearhead initiatives by working in an environment where thoughts are heard and ideas are implemented .  if you would like to work at a company that fosters professional development ,  growth ,  innovation and entrepreneurship ,  all while building collaborative relationships at a multitude of fun office events ,  then farportal would love to hear from you !  sem intern our cheapoair . ca site is fast beocming the most popular ota in canada .  we are currently seeking a french - speaking intern to join our online search engine marketing team in our new york city office and lead our sem efforts for cheapoair . ca .  this internship program will prepare all of its participants for a career in the online marketing field .  interns will be taught all the skills needed for paid search marketing and analysis .  responsibilities  the interns will be responsible for     
 the medical assistant assists with the examination and treatment of patients under the direction of a physician .      assists with treatments ordered by physician as supervised by physician or registered nurse   performs select clinical duties   interviews patients ,  measures vital signs ,  and records information on patients  charts .  prepares treatment rooms for examination of patients   performs basic clerical duties including answering the phone ,  maintaining records ,  and filing .    performs basic materials management functions to include ordering and stocking of supplies   assists with maintaining a clean and orderly environment     
 community relations support internship  we are looking for enthusiastic ,  motivated student leaders to participate in the cradles to crayons internship program .  as an intern in this program ,  you will be responsible for the cultivation of incoming grass - roots product collections by assisting individuals and organizations looking to host collections for c2c in their community .  you will also work with our community outreach staff to expand our community collections program and build our organizational capacity .  you will receive database management and data entry training ,  and will be responsible for assisting the community outreach team to provide quality customer service to organization supporters .  beyond hands on work experience ,  we are committed to ensuring that interns learn about the various components of building a social enterprise .  as such ,  we have designed programs for interns that will focus on social entrepreneurship and the management of a social enterprise .  through structured sessions which will include the ceo and founder of cradles to crayons ,  lynn margherio ,  interns will have the opportunity to network and learn about the success factors that drive a social enterprise .  our hope is that through your internship at c2c ,  you will learn valuable skills to create lasting change in the world .  interns are expected to commit to working the full semester  ( approximately 15 weeks )  for an average of 7 - 10 hours per week with preference given to students that can commit to 10 hours per week .  responsibilities will include  • providing customer service to community groups and individuals who host product collections to support cradles to crayons • maintaining complete records in salesforce database of contacts and leads • completing daily tasks and providing additional support as necessary to the community outreach team               please email complete application and letter of interest to ashley tarbet ,  giving corps volunteer manager ,  at ashley@cradlestocrayons . org !  applications located at  http  /  / cradlestocrayons . org .  .  .      
 description stipend rn intern openings in  critical care 12 weeks of training  -  paid a stipend of $1 , 000 every two weeks .  qualifications recent graduate of an accredited school of nursing bsn is required passed boards with a current tx rn license employees or previous employees are not eligible     
 cliftonlarsonallen ,  a top 10 national cpa firm with more than 50 years of experience of providing excellent service to our clients and great career opportunities for our people ,  wants you to join our team !    at cliftonlarsonallen ,  you will gain the experiences and training needed for you to build a great career in your chosen industry .   we develop outstanding professionals and leaders who grow with our firm and who help our firm grow .   we are seeking an intern - accountant to join our albuquerque office .   as an accountant ,  you will be responsible for performing a variety of client assignments across a broad spectrum of industries and service areas .   you ll utilize your accounting educational background and internship experience to provide excellent client service and help our clients reach their goals .   you will be provided exposure to both tax and assurance work to ensure your experience with us is dynamic and provides you and our clients with a holistic view .   an accountant will work with a variety of staff and managers on assigned projects .       at cla ,  we are a firm where people want to work ,  with multiple career paths available to grow professionally and personally .   cla s culture is built on the foundation of leadership ,  ownership ,  and entrepreneurship enabling exceptionally talented ,  committed people to bring the cla vision to life .  our firm is a place which attracts bright individuals passionate about exploring their potential ,  learning from experienced leaders in their industries ,  trying new things ,  and applying themselves in their entirety to the work they do each day .   we want you to have an exceptional career ,  with challenging projects ,  continuous improvement ,  and leadership opportunities .    to learn more about how cliftonlarsonallen is noticeably different ,  please visit our website at www . cliftonlarsonallen . com  cliftonlarsonallen llp ,  an equal opportunity employer ,  is committed to an inclusive work environment and values the perspectives of our people .      
 this role will be responsible for working closely with the marketplace director and merchandising svp to assist in developing key strategies that drive growth for walmart . com  s marketplace .  primary responsibilities include but are not limited to general strategy support for marketplace ,  assortment expansion strategies ,  third party seller strategies and helping to define the overall strategic vision for the marketplace program .  example projects & deliverables    assisting the organization in driving marketplace strategies   defining new services to offer third party sellers on walmart . com the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .  finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !  who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !    must be currently pursuing an mba with focus on entrepreneurship ,  marketing ,  product ,  strategy or retail   3 - 5 years in strategy consulting ,  retailing ,  merchandising or equivalent roles   significant experience ecommerce or other on - line businesses   the position requires strong business acumen and analytical skill - set to both develop insights and recommendations about a particular business issue or opportunity   strategic thinker who has a pulse on new trends in online merchandising and is able to act upon industry trends   proven track record in fast - paced environment with hands - on ,  roll - up - the - sleeves approach .  strong track record of executing with limited resources ,  multiple priorities ,  and ability to work independently   excellent verbal ,  written communication skills   must be proficient in excel and powerpoint experience with sql is a plus !      
 stipend rn intern openings in  critical care  12 weeks of training  -  paid a stipend of $1 , 000 every two weeks .   qualifications    recent graduate of an accredited school of nursing   bsn is required   passed boards with a current tx rn license   employees or previous employees are not eligible     
 tracking code 318 - 408 job description liberty diversified international ,  headquartered in minneapolis ,  minnesota ,  is a family - owned group of diverse businesses .  while the company’s roots can be found in the corrugated fiberboard business ,  today ldi spans a number of key markets including paper and packaging ,  precision machining ,  workplace environments and building products .  with operations in north america and asia ,  ldi employs more than 1 , 400 people around the globe .  for nearly 100 years ,  ldi’s core values – caring ,  innovation ,  trust and excellence – have guided the organization’s day - to - day activities .  ldi is comprised of eight separate companies ,  each of which has its own direction ,  entrepreneurial spirit ,  expertise and product lines .  safco products is a leader in the office products and office furniture markets ,  a division of liberty diversified international ,  safco started in business by helping a major office products wholesaler add an office filing product to the wholesaler’s catalog .  today ,  safco manufacturers over 3000 items  -  from supporting people in the reception area in an office ,  to an individual’s workstation ,  to collaborative spaces ,  as well as training and break room ,  even out into the warehouse .  safco’s strengths are in rapid product development ,  outstanding customer care and superior logistics .  safco – good value ,  better design ,  all around you .  the purchasing intern will be responsible for assisting the purchasing department .  the ideal candidate must possess the following qualifications  knowledge of business principles – marketing / finance ability to balance multiple priorities while staying organized knowledge of business writing detail orientated proficient in excel ,  word ,  powerpoint responsibilities include  complete miscellaneous purchasing analysis ,  tasks ,  and reporting as required  ( eg  send open po reports to suppliers ,  update po dates in system )  process po s for less critical suppliers work with buyers to review and update system parameters as required  ( eg  lead times ,  moq s )  .  experience / education / certification requirements  current college student  ( sophomore ,  junior or senior )  obtaining a ba with a focus in marketing ,  general business ,  entrepreneurship ,  accounting or finance sao3 only candidates who meet the above requirements will be considered .  no relocation .  no phone calls or recruiters please .  job location new hope ,  minnesota ,  united states position type intern     
 stipend rn intern openings in  critical care  12 weeks of training  -  paid a stipend of $1 , 000 every two weeks .   qualifications    recent graduate of an accredited school of nursing   bsn is required   passed boards with a current tx rn license   employees or previous employees are not eligible     
   develop competitive ,  forward looking assessments of brands ,  franchises ,  and companies   prepare market and therapeutic area business case summaries including key trends and practices   build financial models ,  calculate returns and assess economic potential of brands ,  franchises and companies   assess the richness and potential of pipelines across therapeutic areas   identify corporate development candidates for further review and discussion with clients   support project teams in developing strategy for brands and provide analytical expertise during tactical planning for new brands   synthesize data and information from regulatory filings  ( sec ,  fda )  ,  scientific abstracts ,  articles and clinical guidelines   build crisp ,  concise slides and memos to communicate key findings   identify key commercial and investment banking conferences and summarize key output from these meetings ,  as needed   support business strategy in preparing for new business pitches ,  as needed   identify national and global kols in specific fields ,  as needed   participate and present in internal lunch & learn sessions  qualifications     undergraduate or graduate student pursuing a degree in an analytical field  ( finance ,  economics ,  engineering ,  physics ,  chemistry ,  etc .  )    familiarity with managing large data sets with accuracy   strong interest in the intersection of life sciences and business  prior internship in consulting ,  banking ,  pharmaceuticals or related fields a plus   passion for learning ,  entrepreneurship ,  and innovative thinking   attention to detail ,  excellent communication and organizational skills ,  and an ability to multi - task   proficiency using ms word ,  power point ,  access ,  and excel  ability to program  ( macros / pivot tables )  in excel a plus   working knowledge of pubmed ,  sec edgar ,  bloomberg ,  clinicaltrials . gov an advantage   highly flexible and team oriented   demonstrated capacity to work independently ,  on deadline and produce high quality output  minimum commitment is 10 hours a week and applications should include intended work schedule     
 shipping and receiving internship  we are looking for enthusiastic ,  motivated student leaders to participate in the cradles to crayons internship program .  as an intern in this program ,  you will have the opportunity to assist in managing the inflow and outflow of donations and overall operations in the giving factory warehouse .  responsibilities of our intern include ensuring the quality of our donations ,  inventory management and space management ,  volunteer relations and research .  they will develop an understanding of our crm system  ( salesforce )  and become more proficient in excel .  beyond hands on work experience ,  we are committed to ensuring that interns have the opportunity to learn about the various components of building a social enterprise .  as such ,  we have designed programs for interns that will focus on social entrepreneurship and the management of a social enterprise .  through structured sessions which will include the ceo and founder of cradles to crayons ,  lynn margherio ,  interns will have the opportunity to network and learn about the success factors that drive a social enterprise .  interns are expected to commit to working through the full semester for an average of 12 hours per week .  responsibilities are likely to include  • manage inventory of donations and understand full warehouse procedures • assist in developing creative ways to optimize the use of warehouse space • lead groups of volunteers in completing warehouse projects • research partnering organizations that can handle large bulks of excess donations or specialty items that we do not accept • ensure operation of warehouse flows in an organized and orderly fashion by updating signs or informing staff members and volunteers • help fill large volumes of orders from partner organizations • assist donors dropping off donations at the giving factory while delivering excellent customer service ideal interns should have  • high level of organization skills • high level of self - direction and work independence • positive and friendly attitude • initiative and a can - do attitude • strong interest in social entrepreneurship and / or non - profit management • passion for the cradles to crayons mission • must be able to lift approximately 40lbs     
 stipend rn intern openings in  critical care  12 weeks of training  -  paid a stipend of $1 , 000 every two weeks .   qualifications    recent graduate of an accredited school of nursing   bsn is required   passed boards with a current tx rn license   employees or previous employees are not eligible     
 zappos . com ,  inc .  is looking for a business development college intern !   why join us ?  our unique culture has made zappos . com ,  inc .  and its subsidiaries one of fortune’s 100 best companies to work for five years straight .  find out why  http  /  / money . cnn . com .  .  .   why else .  .  .  .   want more ?  summer interns may qualify for corporate housing assistance ,  free food and drinks on our campus ,  social events throughout the internship ,  and a 40 percent off discount on zappos . com !   if you are interested ,  please go to internships . zappos . com and apply directly to the position on there !   who are we ?   the role of business development & analysis  ( bd&a or “biz dev” )  is to create and manage partnerships that shape the market to fit the business .  we work across the entire zappos family to create opportunities for growth and profitability for zappos and 6pm .  a biz dev team intern is a data - driven strategist ,  brand ambassador ,  and financial analyst rolled into one .   we also provide support to our internal and external stakeholders for partnership campaigns .  by creating long - lasting relationships and partnering with department leaders ,  we are able to share our analytical ,  financial modeling ,  and partnership development skills to create opportunities .   what will you do ?   as a college intern on the business development & analysis team ,  you will play an important role assisting in the research of markets ,  clients ,  and competitors and perform internal financial analyses of business development proposals .   interns will be taught how to strategically research deal opportunities ,  pitch business ideas ,  create effective proposals ,  and interact with potential business partners .   in this position ,  you will be challenged to grow professionally by mastering business model analysis and partnership development with the guidance of senior members of the business development & analysis team .  you will have the opportunity to learn about the operations of your assigned functional areas and use your skills to help develop partnerships driven by data models and insightful analysis .   the cliffsnotes     call on and develop relationships with potential partners .    ad - hoc analysis .  frequently there is analysis we want to have that is outside of the core reporting  ( e . g .  research and compare gross margin across a product category for a new zappos venture )    monitor industry trends and ensure that biz dev remains ahead of the curve .    negotiate revenue - producing deals with partners .    assist with the preparation of powerpoint presentations .    assist with other tasks to ensure the bd&a team meets their deliverables .   are you a match ?     finance ,  accounting ,  or marketing major preferred ,  or if you just have a strong passion and knowledge of entrepreneurship ,  we are ok with that too !    you love data and entrepreneurship .  you love to dig into stuff and work on a problem until it is solved .  you even occasionally write your own little script ,  macro ,  or other helper to get the same problem solved faster the next time it pops up .    performance - driven mindset  drive to be constantly challenging the norm and recommending new opportunities to increase performance .    exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a customer service orientation .    excellent problem solving skills .  comfortable balancing strategy and short - term revenue goals .    familiarity with basic web and mobile technologies .    understanding of microsoft office suite ,  particularly excel and powerpoint .    normal working business hours are monday through friday 8 30 a . m .  to 5 30 p . m .    must be willing to relocate to las vegas ,  nv for the summer of 2014  ( did we mention we have some sweet housing lined up ?  !  )  .   team fun fact   development team members were instrumental in leading the 2013 corporate challenge soccer team to a silver medal !   if you are interested ,  please apply directly on internships . zappos . com .  don t apply on here because we will direct you to internships . zappos . com .  doing more with less !   zappos . com ,  inc .  is an equal opportunity employer and drug - free workplace .      
 stipend rn intern openings in  critical care  12 weeks of training  -  paid a stipend of $1 , 000 every two weeks .   qualifications    recent graduate of an accredited school of nursing   bsn is required   passed boards with a current tx rn license   employees or previous employees are not eligible     
 the rn advocates and utilizes the nursing process in the care of all age populations along the health continuum .  the nursing process includes assessment ,  diagnosis ,  planning ,  implementation and evaluation derived from scientific ,  evidence - based knowledge .  the rn partners with the patient ,  family ,  and care team to provide holistic care and achieve the best possible outcomes ,  recognizing that each plays an integral role in that care .  the rn is knowledgeable regarding the professional scope of practice and the ana nurse practice standards .  the rn meets these standards legally and professionally and ethically .  the rn role is flexible and makes care decisions based on the condition of the patient ,  reassessing and prioritizing according to individual need .  minimum education • graduate of an accredited school of nursing ,  bsn preferred .  minimum work experience • prior related nursing experience preferred .  required licenses / certifications • licensed in the state of vermont  .  • cpr certification .  • unit - specific certifications as required  ( acls ,  tncc ,  pals ,  enpc ,  cpi )  per specific department operational framework .  required skills ,  knowledge ,  and abilities • demonstrated proficiency in acute - care nursing ,  knowledge ,  and skills .  • demonstrates moderate knowledge of basic computer skills .     requires pre - employment testing     
 responsibilities  developing ,  maintaining and enhancing iphone mobile applications with ios  ( versions 4  ,  4s ,  and 5  )  experience developing software utilising objective c ,  implementing object - oriented design patterns ,  data structures and algorithms deploying the apps via the apple app store ability to manage the app keep up with new developments in technologies relevant to your area of skill suitable candidates will have proven skills and experience in the following  2+ experience in design and development of mobile applications on ios platforms 2+ years  experience understanding the business and technical requirements of the product or service 2+ experience with core frameworks such as database ,  threading ,  and authentication enjoy using the most cutting edge technologies i phone development experience using ios  ( versions 4+ )  experience with the relevant technologies & frameworks  eg .  objective c ,  xcode ,  senecha touch etc good experience  -  experience with xml and json structures good experience with test driven development techniques and usage of unit test tools if you are interested in joining a stable company while creating ios applications while using the most cutting edge technologies .  please send me an updated resume in word format and i will give you a call back asap .  to find out more about huxley associates please visit www . huxley . com ios ,  development ,  java ,  web ,  mobile     
 the registered nurse intern will be responsible for managing the patient care of assigned group of patients in accordance with the philosophy and policies of the department .  must be a graduate of an accredited school of nursing .  demonstrated proficiency in skills applicable to designated area within probationary period .  certified in cardio - pulmonary resuscitation  ( cpr )  .  the days vary .  career ,  employment ,  jobs ,  opening ,  shift ,  schedule ,  staff ,  department ,  dept ,  unit ,  office ,  occupation ,  compensation ,  certified ,  salary ,  benefits ,  description ,  day ,  evenings ,  night ,  weekend ,  12 hour ,  12 hr ,  full time ,  part time ,  prn ,  per diem ,  casual ,  relief ,  rotating ,  pool ,  hospital ,  health care ,  clinic ,  certification ,  healthcare ,  physician ,  medical ,  clinical ,  intern ,  internship ,  med / surg ,  med - surg ,  med surg ,  medical / surgical ,  medical - surgical ,  medical surgical ,  or ,  operating room ,  surgery ,  aorn ,  association of perioperative registered nurses ,  bsn ,  bachelor s degree in nursing ,  preop ,  pre - op ,  postop ,  post - op ,  scrub ,  registered nurse ,  rn ,  msn ,  master s degree in nursing ,  rnfa ,  cnor     
 the kroger co .  is seeking associates ,  bachelors ,  and masters students ,  to work in our information systems and services department .  we currently recruiting for fall  ( sept - dec )  internships and co - op positions .   as an intern at kroger ,  you will have real responsibility ,  real work ,  and real opportunities to jumpstart your career .   an experience unlike one in your classroom ,  you will be given assignments that are both challenging and meaningful ,  assignments that will shape future kroger technologies ,  even after you return to school .  opportunities are available in programming ,  networking ,  graphic design ,  application development ,  mobile development ,  desktop engineering ,  web development ,  information security ,  e - mail engineering ,  ecommerce ,  and logistic systems .    ·       minimum gpa of 3 . 0  ·       pursuing a degree in    -  computer science   -  computer engineering   -  information systems   -  management information systems   -  informatics  ·       strong communication skills .   ·       strong written and oral skills .   ·       legally authorized to work in the us without sponsorship  ·       ability to present projects ,  intern recaps to manager ,  hr and sr .  leaders .      
 description  job summary   under the general supervision of the director / manager ,  renders professional nursing care in accordance with physician’s treatment plans and standards of evidence based practice / care .   in doing so ,  assesses patient’s condition ,  plans patient care ,  administers prescribed drugs ,  provides treatments ,  provides appropriate patient education ,  and evaluates patient’s progress ,  records pertinent observations and report responses to drugs and treatments .   assists with examinations and prepares instruments and equipment .   advocates for patient in order to achieve the best possible outcome .   principal duties and responsibilities   1 .                     consistently supports and maintains the mission ,  core values and expected customer service behaviors of st .  joseph medical center .   2 .          follows the guidelines related to the health insurance portability and accountability act  ( hipaa )  ,  designed to prevent or detect unauthorized disclosure of protected health information  ( phi )   3 .             promotes a culture of safety for patients and employees through proper identification ,  proper reporting ,  documentation and prevention of medical errors in a non - punitive environment .   4 .              maintains competency and knowledge of current standards of practice ,  trends and developments in his / her related scope of practice by reading books ,  journals and other literature and attending related seminars ,  conferences and the like .   5 .             participates in ongoing quality improvement activities .   6 .              uses nursing process to provide all levels of patient care    ( a )                  assesses patient’s condition based upon observation ,  examination ,  and / or interview ,  physician’s diagnosis ,  laboratory findings ,  age - related issues and other pertinent information .   completes assessment in specified time frame .   identifies and consistently recognizes changes in normal and abnormal parameters in the patient’s physiological ,  psychological ,  cultural ,  developmental and spiritual needs .    ( b )                  implements nursing interventions to achieve progress toward expected patient outcomes or to stabilize a patient’s condition and / or prevent complications .    ( c )                  evaluates and documents patients’ response to nursing care and modifies or revises treatment plans ,  and / or contacts physicians as circumstances require .  documentation reflects evaluation of patient response to nursing actions .   participates in interdisciplinary patient care planning in order to plan and evaluate patient care .    ( d )                  provides and documents patient  ( family )  education based on diagnosis ,  treatment plan or prescribed medical regimen in accordance with patient  ( family )  readiness and ability to learn .   7 .              uses professional judgment and critical thinking to prepare ,  prioritize and execute the patient’s plan of care consistent with patient assessment data and physician’s treatment plans and professional standards of evidence based practice / care .   incorporates the patient’s physiological ,  psychological ,  cultural ,  developmental and spiritual needs into the plan of care .   consistently follows patient care and facility guidelines and procedures in performance of one’s duties .   8 .              directs and delegates support personnel in implementing patient’s plan of care ,  provides supervision and guidance ,  and demonstrates methods ,  as necessary ,  to correct deviation from established standards .   9 .              renders professional nursing care including administering medications ,  starting intravenous fluids and blood products .   performs both complex and routine treatments as prescribed by physicians or as warranted by patient’s condition .    is able to perform all technical skills required for unit patient population such as ,  but not limited to iv venipuncture ,  restraint application ,  sterile dressings ,  etc .   10 .            promotes good stewardship of hospital resources while ensuring quality patient care .   collaborates with hospital  departments in order to resolve operational problems .   11 .            implements measures to prevent exposure to infectious pathogens and communicable conditions .   12 .           supportive of the compliance program set forth by iasis and demonstrated by   a .         upholds the code of ethics and corporate compliance .   b .        adheres to and helps to enforce all compliance policies relevant to his / her area .   c .         assures timely compliance education as requested by the regional compliance & safety officer and / or through corporate initiatives .   13 .          sets an example to all staff in their daily activities .   14 .            other duties as assigned .   15 .            see position description for unit specific criteria .       indicates duties not applicable to gn / rn intern     16 .       assists in orienting and training new employees ,  nurse interns / new graduate nurses and vocational nurses ,  student nurses and contract personnel .   serves as a resource person for departmental employees in resolving patient care problems .      17 .       may serve as charge nurse for shift as designated .   insures completion of patient care and functioning of unit ,  directs  nursing staff ,  facilitates movement of patients from one level of care to another ,   new graduate nurse considerations  18 .            practices under the direct supervision of the nurse intern’s registered nurse preceptor ,  and renders professional  nursing care ,  including administering medications ,  starting intravenous fluids and blood products .   performs both  complex and routine treatments as prescribed by physicians or as warranted by patient’s condition .    during this transitional period the new graduate or newly licensed nurse is expected to seek and receive direction ,  supervision ,  consultation and collaboration from experienced nurses .   19 .            a graduate nurse  ( gn )  shall not be placed in the role of charge nurse for a period of six  ( 6 )  months ,  unless a lesser time period is mutually agreed upon by the newly licensed nurse and the supervising nurse based upon the evaluation of competency of the newly licensed rn .   20 .            once licensed ,  direct supervision should be continued for a period of six months ,  or a lesser time period if agreed upon by the newly licensed nurse and the unit director .   qualifications  qualifications  minimum knowledge ,  skills and abilities required   work experience   ·         graduate of an accredited school of nursing program ,  a valid license to practice in the state of texas and a minimum of one year clinical nursing experience in the area of expertise applied for or a valid permit to practice as a graduate nurse  ( gn )  .   ·         experienced nurses are defined as having the knowledge and skills commensurate with peers with similar training ,  and experience functioning on the unit .   ·         clinical rns with less than one - year experience in related field will require a nursing internship when changing clinical specialties .   ·         new graduates from an accredited school of nursing with a valid gn permit will be considered and required to successfully complete a nursing internship .   license / registration /  certification   ·        work requires a general level of knowledge and clinical competencies as typically acquired through the completion of the education and training requirement below  and current rn permit or licensure issued by the board of nurse examiners of the state of texas to practice professional nursing .   ·        rns are supported in obtaining certification in their specialty area .   ·        current american heart association healthcare provider certification required .   education & training    work requires a general level of knowledge and clinical competencies as typically acquired through the completion of an accredited school of nursing program resulting in an associate degree ,  diploma or baccalaureate degree in nursing .   skills     technical ,  clerical ,  critical thinking and interpersonal skills relevant to total patient care / area in order to safely and efficiently treat patients .    good verbal and written communication skills necessary in order to be clearly and easily understood by patients ,  families and members of the health care team .    writes / prints legibly in order to document accurately and understandably ,  and to provide direction to support staff and others .    demonstrates a pleasant ,  helpful and caring demeanor in order to be an effective patient advocate .   job rn  primary location texas - houston  organization st .  joseph medical center  education level associate s degree / college diploma  job rn  primary location texas - houston  organization st .  joseph medical center  education level bachelor s degree  job posting  employee status  ft 36 - 40 hrs / wk paid w / bn w / ta  work schedule  days     
 technology internship  ( on - campus fall 2013 )   office locations  mclean ,  va   this posting is for candidates seeking an on - campus interview for fall 2013 at their respective university .  if we re not attending your university in the fall ,  please still submit your resume and it will be reviewed .  if you re seeking immediate employment ,  please see our other job postings .     are you a problem solver ?    are you passionate about technology ?    do you enjoy a challenge and working in a collaborative environment ?   if you answered yes to all the above ,  then you belong at cvent !   at cvent ,  our paid technology internships are designed to provide students with real world mentorship and training .  interns are exposed to the inner workings of an industry leading software company and are expected to take ownership of assigned projects to contribute to the company’s continued success .   cvent’s internships are ideally structured to not only support professional development ,  but also open the doors to full time employment with the company upon graduation .   in joining our program you will gain exposure to the team that best suits your interests and skills ,  as well as learn how all teams within the technology department interact .   the various teams you might be part of     software engineering   application support   systems engineering   systems analysis   quality engineering   mobile development  this internship is a unique and exciting experience .   you will work closely with your manager as well as mentors and team leads on projects that impact the organization and support our technology team in the work they do every day .   you will work on complex problems and solve challenging real world issues .   our program is designed to be valuable experience as well as a fun summer !   baseball games at nationals park and museum trips in the heart of the city are all part of our formal internship program .   you will be immersed in cvent’s award winning culture and will also take full advantage of our amazing location just outside of washington dc .   requirements     students junior year and above are highly preferred   a passion for technology – a degree in a technology field is preferred but not required !    the ability to work well within a team   the desire to make impactful contributions to an organization     
 mandarin customer service representative at tapjoy in san francisco about tapjoy  tapjoy is a mobile advertising and monetization platform whose mobile value exchange model allows users to select personalized advertisements with which to engage for virtual rewards or premium content .  tapjoy empowers users on more than 1 billion devices today and growing fast .  tapjoy s turnkey in - app advertising platform helps mobile developers to cost - effectively acquire high - value new users and monetize their applications ,  while its powerful advertising marketplace lets brand advertisers reach a global mobile audience spanning more than 116 , 000 applications .  an early innovator in the mobile ecosystem ,  we are backed by top - tier investors ,  including  j . p .  morgan asset management ,  rho ventures ,  north bridge venture partners ,  interwest partners and d . e .  shaw ventures .  headquartered in san francisco ,  the company also has engineering offices in boston and atlanta .  sales offices are located in other geos globally too .  responsibilities  the customer support representative is responsible for answering customer inquiries .  the ideal candidate will possess a passion for customer care and be comfortable working in a very fast paced environment ,  where change happens at a rapid pace .  the customer support representative will work in a team environment to solve customer complaints and issues .  essential duties and responsibilities may include ,  but are not limited to  respond to customer inquiries in a prompt and professional manner handle customer complaints show excellent attention to detail ability to meet targets and deadlines organize workload for efficient time - management maintain quality service standards adhere to policies and procedures provide customers with a timely resolution ad hoc projects depending on needs of the customer support team requirements  passion for customer support ,  social media and online gaming prior customer support ,  retail sales and service industry experience is required .  prior customer support experience within a social media or online gaming environment is a plus excellent verbal and written communication skills in both english and mandarin highly detail oriented  ability to meet deadlines and effective problem solving skills excellent communication and interpersonal skills ability to operate independently with minimal supervision ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with all levels of employees and management a mature ,  self - motivated person with a positive ,  professional attitude high capacity to operate effectively in turbulent startup environment progressive ,  consistent work history and excellent references experience in crm tools proficiency in ms office required degree preferred     
 medical city dallas hospital mission statement recognizes the unique and intrinsic worth of each individual !   we trust our colleagues as valuable member of our healthcare team and pledge to treat one another with loyalty ,  respect ,  and dignity .   are you ready to join one of the premier health care facilities in the dallas metroplex ?   medical city dallas was the first hospital in north texas to achieve magnet recognition ,  the most prestigious designation of excellence in nursing services .  mcd offers free parking and features on - site bank ,  post office ,  hair salon ,  pharmacy ,  florist ,  and car wash .  medical city dallas offers a 401 ( k )  plan in addition to 30 - day eligibility for medical ,  dental ,  vision ,  disability ,  and life .   the gn / rn  provides direct nursing care in accordance with established policies ,  procedures and protocols of the healthcare organization .   he / she will be under the supervision of a preceptor for a specific period of time depending on the department assigned .   units participating in the internship are as follows   general medical ,  urology / bariatrics ,  neurology ,  orthopedics ,  stem cell transplant ,  women s m / s ,  labor and delivery ,  telemetry ,  progressive care unit ,  cvicu ,  nvicu ,  sicu ,  micu ,  or ,  general pediatrics ,  pediatric specialy unit  ( hem / onc )  ,  picu ,  pediatric congenital heart icu ,  and nicu .   please attach a cover letter indicating area / department of interest .  please also have a transcript and 2 letters of recommendation prepared ,  if selected for an interview .      bsn required     please note  you will be required to have an rn license upon starting the internship .  gn s you will need to have taken and passed you boards before beginning the internship .  internship will begin on october 22 ,  2013 .   once you apply ,  the recruiter will forward your application to the hiring manager .  the manager will then select the candidates that they will bring onsite for interviews in the department .  we do ask that you choose your top area of choice ,  as you will only be allowed to interview with one department .   qualifications     
 sentara heart hospital cicu internship opportunity  the registered nurse develops ,  implements and evaluates plans or care for specific patient populations .  coordinates and collaborates with multidisciplinary team members to facilitate integrated and comprehensive care .  possesses clinical knowledge and skills to meet standard as required by specific clinical areas .   minimum qualifications  education  graduate of an accredited school of professional nursing .  meets any requirements defined by specific specialty .   experience  no previous experience necessary unless defined by specific specialty .  strong med / surg and / or critical care experience preferred  licensure  currently licensed to practice as an rn by the commonwealth of virginia or a recognized compact state .   other  current bls certification .  meets any requirements defined by specific specialty .                nursing - critical care - cardiac     
 job location  hershey ,  pa the hershey company is a leading snack food company and the largest north american manufacturer of chocolate and confectionery products .  with revenues of over $6 billion and more than 12 , 000 employees worldwide ,  the hershey company’s leadership position is built on the strength of great brands such as hershey  s ,  reese  s ,  hershey  s kisses ,  kit kat ,  almond joy ,  mounds ,  jolly rancher ,  twizzlers ,  and ice breakers .  the hershey company is looking for the best and brightest software developers to work with the industry’s leading technology platforms to grow a global company .  today ,  a successful brand is not built without information systems and technology .  our goal is to integrate students with our knowledgeable and successful teams to build new functionality and maintain existing applications and business processes .  students will collaborate with business unit representatives and colleagues to understand and document user requirements and participate in solution development and testing .  the application developer position offers a wide variety of exposure to different business areas ,  including supply chain ,  marketing ,  finance ,  sales ,  and business intelligence .  within each area ,  experience can be gained in java ,  ios ,  web services ,  sap ,  business objects ,  and many other technologies that enable a global enterprise .    preferable technical skills  /  knowledge    software development  java  ( or an object oriented language )  ,  web application or services integration   business application / database  sql ,  sap business objects ,  sap   mobile development  ios or android ,  html5 preferable non - technical skills / knowledge   dedicated individual who is eager to learn and contribute to a team   exceptional technical and analytical problem solving skills   motivated learner capable of working with minimal direction and independently researching solutions to problems   strong interpersonal and written / verbal communication skills are essential .    qualifications    students working toward a bachelor  s degree in computer engineering ,  computer science ,  information systems ,  or related field   gpa of 3 . 0 or higher preferred the hershey company is an equal opportunity employer .  the policy of the hershey company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual  s age ,  race ,  color ,  sex ,  religion ,  national origin ,  disability ,  veteran status ,  sexual orientation ,  genetic information or any other protected category recognized by state and federal laws .      
 supports laboratory functions in the regional clinics including phlebotomy and assisting medical technologists and medical laboratory technicians .   provides general support to other areas within the regional clinic which may include  nursing support ,  radiology ,  business office ,  etc .      
 tastemade is connecting the world through food !  who are we ?  would you consider yourself a food connoisseur ?  do you get excited about bringing people together over a great meal or discussing your passion for cooking with others ?  does the idea of working on products to do just that makes you giddy ?  if you answered yes to all of these questions ,  then keep reading !  at tastemade . com ,  we are fellow food lovers on a mission to connect the world through food .  the cable industry did a great job of launching food and lifestyle brands back in the day ,  but we strongly believe a call for the next generation of food is upon us .  we ve already put our flag in the ground on youtube and launched our iphone app ,  but that s only the beginning !  we have offices in two fantastic locations ,  santa monica ,  california and austin ,  texas .  our team is small ,  nimble ,  and passionate about food !  we like to work hard ,  but play hard too .  .  . which mostly revolves around eating fantastic meals from around the world .  job description  we are looking for smart ,  junior web developers to help us build tastemade . com into the premier destination for food video on the internet .  about you  you should have a solid foundation in javascript ,  html ,  and css and experience working with a modern web framework like node . js ,  python ,  ruby ,  or c# .  you understand the fundamentals of http and are familiar writing and accessing restful apis .  you ve build web applications on top of sql or document oriented databases .  working with git and github is a given .  perks of the job  stock options competitive salary flexible pto and 12 paid holidays medical ,  dental ,  vision ,  ltd ,  life eap and 401k benefits new apple equipment a stellar work environment – fun ,  casual ,  and fast paced swank offices in south austin with parking included unlimited snacks and drinks cell phone allowances catered lunches work colleagues that are fellow foodies !      
 we are scouting for a web developer engineer co - op .  as a web developer engineer co - op ,  you ll initially work in a small team implementing real - time tools to be used for sports ,  tracking applications and coaching applications .  working with engineers on developing both proprietary and online applications to track and graphically visualize players for system and broadcast graphics and tools to allow better manipulation of our sports tracking products .  you will have an opportunity to see your work used extensively throughout both college and professional teams and broadcasters .  enthusiasm for solving interesting and complex problems is a must .    projects you will work on   develop sports related web based reporting tools for operations .   develop unique web based digital products .   develop graphical web based content tools for broadcast .   help to create internal data dashboards for various data .    qualifications  entering or currently in your junior or senior year of college in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  or equivalent .   cumulative gpa of 3 . 0 or better .   show proficiency in c ,  c++ ,  python and / or php ,  java ,  and lamp .  typically attended 2  - 3 classes in these programming languages .   demonstrated ability to quickly grasp new concepts .   must possess excellent interpersonal ,  communication ,  attention - to - detail ,  problem - solving skills and work well in a team environment .   self - starter and motivated to create well engineered software components and systems .   must be willing to travel to sporting events on weekends  ( on occasion )  .      
 must have an associates or bachelor s degree in clinical laboratory science ascp or equivalent certification as a clt or cls  ( mlt or mt )  .          part - time day position 19 hours / week .  day hours will vary depending upon semester .  this is an open - ended announcement .  applicants will be reviewed as needed .  lab assistant responsibilities are centered on preparing the labs ,  teaching clinical laboratory science skills and performing other duties to support the program s mission .  the lab assistant will maintain laboratory equipment and perform maintenance as needed .  furthermore ,  the assistant may be required to deliver prepared lectures in absence of lead instructor as well as perform generalized clerical duties .  background check will be ran and an mvr report .    experience in teaching 1 year of work experience as a clt or cls     
 job responsibilities and requirements  description who you are you are a web developer versed in standard practices for backend and frontend development .  you re not looking to be just a body in front of a terminal window ,  you are passionate about what you do and desire to heavily invest in your team and to actively contribute to the success of the company .  you are looking to work for a company that is committed to producing amazing products and that will provide you the autonomy and support you  .  .  .      
 qualifications the ideal candidate should posses at least one year lab experience prefferably in a cgmp lab .  computer skills are required ,  should be proficient in standard laboratory techniques ,  and lab data management systems .  experience with microbiology and aseptic technique is advantageous .  must be a fast learner and able to work independently .  effective writing ,  oral communication ,  interpersonal and organizational skills are highly desirable .   responsibilities routine laboratory duties including microbiological and chemical sampling  /  testing of process water ,  clean steam and compressed gases ,  equipment and facilities qualification testing ,  bioburden and antibiotic containment  /  cleaning validation swabbing ,  assistance with study protocol testing as needed ,  environmental monitoring of process areas ,  and data management activities .  this position works a 12hr shift  ( 630am  -  630pm )  rotating days .  the position works every other weekend .   skills skill requirementsexp  ( mos .  ) comments  degree type degree typemajorrequiredpreferred collegebiology ,  chemistry or related  apply by creating / using account     
 growing marketing company is looking for a junior or entry level  . net developer .  this company has been in business for over 15 years and they ve been recognized as one of the inc .  500 s fastest growing companies .  they are looking for someone who can wear multiple hats while being trained by a dedicated manager and staff of more senior engineers .  the company has excellent benefits ,  is extremely stable ,  and provide a lot of upward mobility  ( both in role and salary )  for people that are hungry to prove themselves !  you should have some knowledge of  . net ,  this can be education in school or paid professional experience .  the company works with c# and asp . net but vb . net is also acceptable .  some knowledge of html is necessary .  any work with css ,  javascript ,  vbscript ,  ajax ,  jquery ,  etc .  would also be a plus .  any ms sql server experience would be beneficial but not required .  keywords   . net ,  c# ,  asp . net ,  vb . net ,  sql ,  ms sql server ,  css ,  html ,  javascript ,  vbscript ,  ajax ,  jquery     
  -  to be considered an applicant for employment you must apply online through the uvu . jobs website .   -  to be considered in the first screening ,  the online application and required application documents  ( see below )  must be submitted by the screening or closi    
 we…are a distributed academic research group  (  10 people )  based out of the lawrence berkeley national lab developing cutting - edge analytics to further disease diagnosis .   our group has a lot of talent on the research side ,  but lacks the time to work on our basic website design .   you…are a fearless student looking to gain new skills in web development / design ,  and are looking to apply your skills toward a noble cause  ( not just sell ads )  .    you have some experience ,  and are looking to expand your abilities while at the same time creating a beautiful and functional entry into our web application .   key success factors    you must have experience working on at least one other website  ( personal or professional )  ,  and will show us examples of what you are proud of .    you should be someone who isn’t afraid of trying new things just for fun .    you have a creative streak .    you like to ask questions   you have an opinion on the oxford comma .    you can easily pick up new skills to get the job done  ( and like to !  )    this position is for  10hr / week on campus  ( with the opportunity for telecommuting )  .    desired stuff  twitter bootstrap ,  jquery ,  server - side webapp development  ( e . g .  node . js )    must be currently enrolled as a full - time student at an accredited educational institution to qualify for a student assistant appointment .   notes   this is a part time position  ( approximately 10 hrs a week )  scheduled to last approximately 8 months but may be extended based on operational need and funding availability .   a student assistant appointment is contingent upon ongoing full - time enrollment and good academic standing at an accredited educational institution .   how to apply  to apply ,  please click   apply online   and follow the application instructions .   for informal inquiries please contact info@monarchinitiative . org  berkeley lab is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer committed to the development of a diverse workforce .      
 ke aki technologies ,  llc ,  headquartered in honolulu ,  hawaii ,  is a native hawaiian organization  ( nho )  owned business .  a premier government services company ,  ke aki technologies offers a full spectrum of solutions that improve the performance and operational effectiveness of our government and department of defense customers .  our mission synchronized solutions are designed to deliver exactly what our customers need ,  when they need it .  from base and range operations to biomedical defense support to telecommunications and it services ,  we deliver the exact talent ,  tools and technologies needed to meet mission requirements .   ke aki technologies has an exciting opportunity for a laboratory technician .  the position will be located at u . s .  army medical research institute of infectious diseases  ( usamriid )  at fort detrick ,  frederick ,  maryland in the genomics division .  the position requires u . s .  citizenship ,  a favorable single scope background investigation  ( ssbi )  security clearance background check ,  and a signed confidentiality agreement .   job description   1 .  perform automated sequencing on illumina ,  ion torrent ,  roche 454 ,  or other platforms .  2 .  operate automated next - generation sequencing workflows and sample processing using a variety of next generation sequencing workstations .  3 .  purify nucleic acids from a variety of clinical or environmental specimens .  4 .  assist in the design and evaluation of nucleic acid - based assays for viral and bacterial pathogens .  5 .  assist in writing and editing standard operating procedures ,  logs for equipment use ,  specimens and supplies .  6 .  maintain laboratory documents ,  including standard operating procedures ,  logs for equipment use ,  specimens and supplies .  7 .  participate in keeping an organized and professional work environment .  8 .  communicate to the pi or assigned supervisor ( s )  experimental data ,  laboratory or other work - related issues .  9 .  be able to maintain a safe workplace and comply with occupational health and safety rules and regulations .  employee is required to attend safety training ( s )  relative to his / her position and report any infractions of safety procedures to the tocor immediately .  10 .  must complete mandatory federal ,  dod ,  army ,  and usamriid trainings as required .  11 .  may require variable work schedules  ( second shift )  and occasional weekends in order to accomplish time sensitive laboratory tasks .  12 .  bio - safety level 2 and bio - safety level 3  ( bsl 2 / 3 )  may be required .  13 .  in order to safely carry out the laboratory research mission ,  certain fda licensed vaccines may be required to be taken .  14 .  enrollment in the biological personnel reliability program  ( bprp )  for handling select agents  -  he or she must maintain enrollment .  applicants must meet eligibility requirements as regulated by army regulation 50 - 1  ( ar 50 - 1 )  http  /  / www . fas . org .  .  .   job type  full - time  flsa status  exempt  ke aki technologies llc is a fast growing government service provider .  employees enjoy competitive salaries  a 401k plan with company match  medical ,  dental ,  disability ,  and life insurance coverage  tuition reimbursement  paid vacation and sick time  and 10 paid holidays .  ke aki technologies is proud to be an equal opportunity employer .   for additional information on ke aki technologies ,  llc ,  please visit www . keakitech . com  ke aki technologies ,  llc is proud to be an equal employment / affirmative action employer  ( eeo / aa )  .     b . s .  or m . s .  in biology ,  biochemistry ,  chemistry ,  microbiology or related life science   7 years of experience ,  preferably in a next - generation sequencing laboratory .    willing to perform work with human or animal specimens that may contain microbial pathogens .    high throughput screening experience  notes   additional salary information  within range  internal number  1311     
 student assistant -  web development / design - 76365  organization  gn - genomics  description  we…are a distributed academic research group  (  10 people )  based out of the lawrence berkeley national lab developing cutting - edge analytics to further disease diagnosis .   our group has a lot of talent on the research side ,  but lacks the time to work on our basic website design .   you…are a fearless student looking to gain new skills in web development / design ,  and are looking to apply your skills toward a noble cause  ( not just sell ads )  .    you have some experience ,  and are looking to expand your abilities while at the same time creating a beautiful and functional entry into our web application .   key success factors    you must have experience working on at least one other website  ( personal or professional )  ,  and will show us examples of what you are proud of .    you should be someone who isn’t afraid of trying new things just for fun .    you have a creative streak .    you like to ask questions   you have an opinion on the oxford comma .    you can easily pick up new skills to get the job done  ( and like to !  )    this position is for  10hr / week on campus  ( with the opportunity for telecommuting )  .    desired stuff  twitter bootstrap ,  jquery ,  server - side webapp development  ( e . g .  node . js )    must be currently enrolled as a full - time student at an accredited educational institution to qualify for a student assistant appointment .   notes   this is a part time position  ( approximately 10 hrs a week )  scheduled to last approximately 8 months but may be extended based on operational need and funding availability .   a student assistant appointment is contingent upon ongoing full - time enrollment and good academic standing at an accredited educational institution .   how to apply  to apply ,  please click   apply online   and follow the application instructions .   for informal inquiries please contact info@monarchinitiative . org  berkeley lab is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer committed to the development of a diverse workforce .      
  -  bachelors degree is preferred requirements  candidate will have completed 2 years or is actively engaged in a science related college program .  bachelor s degree preferred .  candidate will be a motivated individual ,  with solid customer service skills and     
 the center for new york city affairs at the new school seeks a software developer for the insideschools . org ,  an indispensable guide to the new york city public schools .   the ideal candidate enjoys the agility of the browser - based software stack and cares about things like the user experience ,  response times ,  good object modeling and clean code .  we are looking for an artist who can get around in css ,  html ,  javascript and who cares about things like composition ,  typesetting ,  usability ,  and accessibility .  most importantly ,  we need a versatile person that thrives in the unknown and has the uncanny ability to figure things out .   we are looking for a developer who can work 15 - 20 hours per week and who will enhance and maintain our joomla site .  strong php ,  html ,  css ,  mysql ,  sql and javascript skills are a must .  joomla experience is also a must .  ability to integrate dynamic data into the front end using json ,  xml and web services also a plus .  candidates should have an eye for design aesthetic and an understanding of responsive web design .  ideal candidates should have a passion to learn new technologies .    required skills    joomla cms management   server management   php   javascript   mysql   html     
 lab technical assistant department  lab - phlebotomy & other schedule  full time  ( 32 - 40 hours per week )  shift  day ,  evening ,  weekend hours  job details    works in one or more of the primary areas within the laboratory department to include client services ,  cytology ,  histology ,  microbiology ,  blood bank ,  hematology ,  chemistry and / or inventory control .  responsible to assist technologists / technicians in accordance with established procedures for waived laboratory testing and analytical set - up .  performs laboratory duties as instructed by the supervisor and / or technologist / technician .  minimum qualifications    high school graduate or equivalent ,    advanced education in areas of science ,  chemistry and mathematics normally acquired through college level courses preferred ,    prior laboratory or health care experience preferred ,    cpr certification for health care providers .  under general supervision ,  the incumbent in this position will work in one or more of the primary areas within the laboratory department to include client services ,  cytology ,  histology ,  microbiology ,  blood bank ,  hematology ,  chemistry and / or inventory control .  responsible to assist technologists / technicians in accordance with established procedures for waived laboratory testing and analytical set - up .  performs laboratory duties as instructed by the supervisor and / or technologist / technician     
  -  to be considered an applicant for employment you must apply online through the uvu . jobs website .   -  to receive full consideration for post - secondary education ,  please submit copies of transcripts or diploma of highest degree earned .  transcripts do not ha    
 web development intern will be responsible for vonage . com and landing page related development tasks .   this is an intern / possibly part time position .  would prefer this person work 40 hours a week ,  if not ,  part time is fine .  ideally looking for a college student .  pay rate is $10 - 15 per hour .      job function will include html and css development in support of marketing development requests .    provide support and maintenance of vonage web applications .      basic understanding of html ,  css ,  javascript and xml .    excellent communication skills  ( listening ,  oral ,  written )  .   additional skills  ( would like to have but not required )     understanding of php ,  ajax ,  mysql and photoshop a plus .   education    minimum completion of 1 year of college .      
      primarily responsible for utilizing the nursing process in providing the healthcare needs of assigned patients within existing standards of care .  additional job responsibilities encompass taking x - rays of patients ,  office procedures directly relating to patient care and front office duties as required for an overall efficient operation .   high school diploma or equivalent .  one to two years related experience preferred .  experience as lab tech or with radiology equipment preferred .      
 searching for a career that is challenging and full of opportunities ?  rigor is looking for a research and development intern to join our growing team .  rigor is located in the buckhead district of atlanta and has a fast - paced and fun work environment .  this role will expose you to a variety of projects and allow you to significantly expand your knowledge and development skill set .  your r&d will be focused on current trends in saas ,  web applications ,  ecommerce ,  selenium testing and mobile apps .  responsibilities have fun and be passionate about your work  ( #1 )  conduct research and create content on current trends in technology develop web applications in html ,  css ,  and ruby on rails create test cases using selenium requirements ba / bs / ms  ( completed or in progress )  with a strong academic record programming experience with one or more of the following  python ,  php or ruby on rails strong interest in technology and software development ability to write effectively and concisely     
 nesco is consistently recruiting for qc lab technicians and assistants for a manufacturing company in the biotechnology field .  responsibilities include assisting the qc group with sample analysis ,  testing ,  creating data reports ,  and maintaining equipment .  these assignments are temporary ,  open - ended in length ,  with the potential to become permanent .  candidates must have a hs diploma / ged  bs in the life sciences strongly preferred .      
 row27 is looking for an eager to learn web developer intern to work with our development team on sites for our sports - based clientele .  you ll get experience on real client projects doing various things like  skinning psds into valid html implementing various js libraries building custom jquery widgets theming for wordpress you ll work on both front - end and server side  ( depending on your skillset and interest )  ,  and have chances to learn new frameworks and even languages on the job .  our work environment is casual and hours are flexible .  salary  $13 - $17 per hour depending on experience requirements  a little experience with php ,  understand object oriented code .  have a solid understanding of front end technologies  ( html ,  css ,  js )  be comfortable with a development environment in os x .  be passionate about your work !  submit code samples .  more is better .  your work matters more then your background .  bonus points      
 we believe in designing and building products that elevate the way people connect with each other and with the world around us .  our first offering ,  galileo ,  is an ios controlled robotic platform that adds a new dimension of control and motion to smartphone cameras .  we began our journey on kickstarter where our project became one of the most successfully funded in the design category .  our ambitions are growing and so is our team .  motrr is one of several companies part of a tech incubator in the hills of beautiful santa cruz .  we are a talented team working on the most amazing property complete with a vegetable garden ,  berry farm ,  and chicken coup .  we also have a chef that comes in 3 days a week and he is amazing !  the position we are looking for a talented web developer intern passionate about ux and graphic design .  you would play an immediate an essential role in making our website standout and offer the best possible experience for our visitors .  in addition ,  we have many interesting web projects that need doing including a portal for our app developers and a page that pools     
 hello innovation is looking for an enthusiastic web developer intern to work with an internationally recognized company that is small ,  profitable ,  and fun .  where ?  you d be working in our detroit office in the heart of greektown with fast - paced ,  small but wily teams ,  and you will see and feel the impact of your work on a daily basis .  if you re looking for a great place to start your career as a developer ,  this is it !  job description   / h1  as a web developer intern you ll be assisting with the development of user interfaces .  working with backend developers to collaboratively design usable apis .  working with developers and operational staff to identify and prioritize end - user requirements .  working with designers to ensure an exceptional user experience .  working closely with lead architect to ensure proper code development .  requirements  / h1  you should be a student of a bachelor ,  master or phd degree in a relevant educational qualification .  additional qualifications include  practical experience in html and css practical experience with javascript passionate about pushing the boundaries of interactive technologies experience with the latest web authoring tools and latest     
 who is kareo ?  we are kareo  ( www . kareo . com )  ,  a small and fast growing software company based in irvine ,  less than 2 miles from the beach .  our solutions power the efforts of over 17 , 000 medical providers in the us with 1000 new doctors joining the kareo user community every month .  we’re leading our industry in the shift from complex and expensive legacy software to intuitive and affordable cloud - based solutions .  kareo helps doctors optimize the clinical and business management of their practices .  by helping doctors reduce the administrative burdens of running a practice ,  they can shift their focus to delivering outstanding patient care .  that’s our mission .  in the last two years ,  we have doubled our customers and revenue and we’re on track to double again this year !  we were just recently selected by forbes as one of america’s 100 most promising companies  ,  one of the few companies in all of southern california to make this prestigious list and the only one in orange county .  we also were selected by the orange county register as one on orange county’s top workplaces a selection driven completely by positive feedback given by our team members .      
 summary contribute to verification and bring - up of networking asics / fpgas being developed .  develop tools to automate design and verification methodology .  develop tools to automate verification of asics in the lab .  job requirements contribute to verification and bring - up of networking asics / fpgas being developed .  write scripts to automate some tasks of the asic design / verification process .  create tools to automate testing of asics in the lab .  technical internship at college and / or industry for one summer and experience in hardware description languages  ( verilog / system verilog )  ,  object oriented programming including c++ and scripting languages  ( perl or tcl / tk )  preferred .  looking for an energetic individual with excellent communication skills and eagerness to learn !  experience and education ms candidate post - bs degree student working toward an ms in ee or cs this is an internship opportunity  ( 3 month duration only )  .  you must be enrolled in a qualified degree program at the time of the internship to qualify .   ?   ?   ?      
 overview  rotational assignments ,  each session the co - op will rotate into a different assignment .  each assignment is full time ,  consisting of working 40 hours per week .  in many instances ,  co - ops will have hands on project testing and test report writing .  co - ops will provide data analysis to support projects and / or operations .  they will also support engineers in projects such as maintaining ,  enhancing and upgrading existing product range ,  daily design activities and in the overall growth of rbc businesses and products .  experience gained  co - ops will often be organizing ,  interpreting and reporting test results ,  conclusions and recommendations .  requiring them to collect ,  evaluate and report out data related to various test activities .  co - ops will be working independently but also heavily in teamwork environments allowing them to learn to balance multiple responsibilities .  co - ops will learn an ample amount of mechanical and electrical knowledge of motors and will also have invaluable experience from all aspects of the business .  skills developed  co - ops will develop prioritization and time management skills .  along with those ,  project management skills will be acquired ,  based on the vast amount of daily and weekly projects that are distributed .  since co - ops will sometimes be working in a self - directed environment ,  problem - solving skills will be greatly enhanced .  teamwork skills and communication skills will be improved and developed throughout their stay at rbc .  training  /  coaching  co - ops will have an opportunity for lean six sigma training and exposure .  they will also be given safety training ,  a basic motors theory training and an effective presentation course .  along with the vast amount of courses offered ,  co - ops will be working directly with experienced engineers ,  professionals ,  scientists ,  technicians and educational teams on a daily basis .  required qualifications  bachelors in mechanical and  /  or electrical engineering minimum of 30 accumulated credit hours at least a 3 . 0 gpa on a 4 . 0 scale basic knowledge of engineering principles and statistics familiarity with microsoft office software abiltiy to prioritize and work on multiple projects in parallel ability and interest in working with multiple functions  ( lab technicians ,  sourcing ,  field sales ,  customers ,  marketing ,  manufacturing )  ability to work effectively in a team environment ,  including a global team located in various geographic sites good analytical and problem solving skills strong communication skills good interpersonal skills preferred qualifications  basic knowledge of motor electrical and mechanical construction and terminology well organized good documentation and technical writing skills willingness to seek help from available resources attention to detail technical understanding of motors and hvac systems self - starter initiative and creative thinking required skills required experience     
 expedient data centers provides managed it solutions including system and network administration and all cloud computing services .  the pittsburgh market has an immediate need for a front desk analyst to be responsible for assisting customers and visitors to the facility ,  tracking shipping / receiving and covering the front desk duties for the data center as well as conducting physical and virtual security checks .  the position works a standard schedule of monday through friday ,  8am to 4 30pm in our pittsburgh data center .  this is an entry - level opportunity for someone looking to start his or her it career with growth potential ,  professional development opportunities and the chance to work with a wide variety of technologies .  primary responsibilities  follow strict security protocol and operating procedures to facilitate customer access requests inside the data center using access control lists .  when necessary ,  enforce security protocols to deny access ,  for example ,  when a customer requests to remove equipment without prior notification or as per contractual obligation .  follow shipping and receiving procedures to ensure the secure transport of materials to and from the facility process and prioritize customer requests by phone ,  e - mail ,  or in person .  utilize     
   responsibilities   a verizon full time role in sales is a hands - on experience that will put you front and center of the business .  contribute your high - impact energy to deliver solutions to customers the moment you arrive .  you’ll have the opportunity to meet customers’ needs with new technology that will revolutionize communication .  our entry level sales roles offer you the opportunity to be at the forefront of our business ,  interacting directly with clients and customers .  you  ll work alongside the best solutions sales professionals in the industry and have a unique opportunity to use your business and technical knowledge and skills in an environment dedicated to maintaining industry superiority .  you will be introduced to cutting edge tools that will help you grow both professionally and personally .  verizon is continually recognized for its best in class training programs that equip sales professionals with the latest technologies and the proper resources for effective client - business interaction .  you will have the chance to bring innovative technologies such as 4g lte ,  machine to machine communications ,  cloud computing ,  handset application development ,  ecommerce ,  self - service and fios to market .  full - time and internship opportunities are available in any one of the following areas    retail leadership development program  ( full time )    2 year rotational program with 4 rotations 1 .  customer service representative & sales operations 2 .  retail sales representative 3 .  senior retail sales representative 4 .  assistant manager   qualifications   to be successful you’ll need    to be enrolled in a bachelor’s program   sales ,  business administration ,  marketing ,  it ,  management majors preferred   3 . 0 gpa or greater preferred   strong analytical skills and solid communication skills   proficiency in microsoft office products   enthusiasm and eagerness to learn   equal employment opportunity   we are an equal opportunity employer m / f / d / v .  job id  326123     
 we are seeking students entering their last year of university / college studies ,  either at the undergraduate or the graduate level .  work assignments are designed to provide practical experience in the specific area of study .  all interns will be assessed to determine if full time job offer will be extended at the end of the internship period .   basic minimum requirements   candidates must be in their last year of college or a recent graduate with a bachelors or masters degree .   candidates will need to effectively communicate  ( written & oral )  .   this position will require an individual that is willing to perform a variety of tasks and work both independently and as part of a team .                internship  /  vacation student  /  graduate  /  sponsorship     
 the department of biology at salem state university seeks a full - time laboratory instructor beginning in september 2013 .  teaching assignments include introductory biology laboratory sections as well as laboratory sections in microbiology and anatomy and physiology .   duties also include the teaching and specialized preparation of biology laboratories as assigned ,  prepare laboratory materials and equipment for experiments ,  and maintain inventory of materials for the labs .  other duties include setting up and grading examinations ,  quizzes and laboratory reports .       please apply online and attach resume and cover letter .  academic transcripts may be requested of finalists .  employment is contingent upon a completed background check satisfactory to the university .  internal candidates are not subject to background check .      
 the qualified candidate will function as a software engineer on a large program .  the successful candidate will be a member of an operations and sustainment team ,  working the development and maintenance of a mission critical operational system .  the software baseline consists of a diverse set of cots applications and other code  ( j2ee ,  java ,  javascript ,  html and others )  .  responsibilities include developing ,  documenting ,  testing ,  and debugging software that contains logical and mathematical solutions to business / mission problems .  candidate will be required to apply the appropriate standards ,  processes ,  procedures ,  and tools throughout the development life cycle .  the applicant will be expected to diagnose problems encountered during application integration among products and implement them according to prescribed program processes .  the software engineer may also be responsible for supporting software integration test  ( swit )  activities and resolving software design  /  implementation problems that may arise .  other tasks include support to special projects  /  initiatives ,  artifact inspection ,  tems ,  boards  ( erbs ,  pcb ,  lcb ,  srb )  ,  readiness reviews ,  red teams ,  and development metrics analysis .        this position requires a bachelor’s degree in computer science ,  information science ,  electrical engineering ,  or equivalent technical discipline with at least 2 years of experience .  4 additional years of experience can be substitued for the degree .   good communication and teamwork .   this position also requires experience with mid to large scale software development programs ,  modifying / troubleshooting existing code ,  cots integration ,  java ,  javascript ,  j2ee ( jms )  ,  ejb ,  sql ,  windows os ,  web services ,  and xml .   us citizenship and a current ts clearance are required .   must be capable of obtaining a sci clearance .   preferred qualifications  ts / sci clearance preferred .  experience with clearquest / clearcase as well as ozone widget framework  ( owf )  development and integration .  program development processes ,  application architecture ,  dojo ,  bpel ,  oracle weblogic applications server or comparable app server ,  database  ( oracle )  ,  ant ,  crystal reports ,  css ,  java server faces or ajax ,  xslt ,  unix / linux os ,  pl / sql query development ,  html ,  css ,  and dodaf .   this position is contingent upon contract award ,  budget ,  and / or customer approval .   northrop grumman corporation is a leading global security company providing innovative systems ,  products ,  and solutions in unmanned systems ,  cybersecurity ,  c4isr ,  and logistics and modernization to government and commercial customers worldwide .   northrop grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce .  we are an equal opportunity employer ,  making decisions without regard to race ,  color ,  religion ,  sex ,  national origin ,  age ,  veteran status ,  disability ,  or any other protected class .  u . s .  citizenship is required for most positions .      
 csu job listing detailsprintable versione - mail this listing campusstanislausjob id asst prof biology invertdisciplinenatural sciences appointment typetenure - tracktime basefull - time date postedaugust 9 ,  2013 closing dateopen until filledlink to apply onlinehttp /  / www . csustan . edu / fa / documents / invert2013 . pdfcampus employment homepagehttp /  / www . csustan . edu / employment / descriptionposition the department of biological sciences invites applications for a tenure track appointment at the level of assistant professor .  we are seeking an organismal biologist who demonstrates the ability and desire to teach invertebrate biology courses including invertebrate biology ,  parasitology ,  and / or marine ecology .  teaching responsibilities may also include general education and introductory survey ,  or graduate courses or upper division courses in the candidate’s specialty .  the ideal candidate will be committed to teaching ,  mentoring ,  and advising a highly diverse student population .  although teaching is the primary emphasis of this position ,  other duties include establishing an active research program ,  advising students on academic and career matters ,  and involvement in committee and service to the university .  this position is contingent upon the availability of authorized funding . minimum qualificationsthe successful candidates are expected to have completed the appropriate terminal degree  ( ph . d .  or equivalent )  with an appropriate academic program .  prior successful teaching experience at the college level and post - doctoral experience preferred . how to apply a complete application must include an application letter qualifying your interest in the position and preferences for courses to teach ,  names ,  addresses and telephone numbers of references ,  a current vita ,  and unofficial copies of college transcripts .  send applications and all other correspondence todr .  mark a .  grobner ,  chairdepartment of biological sciencescalifornia state university ,  stanislausone university circleturlock ,  ca 95382compensation commensurate with qualifications and experience .  as a member of the 23 - campus california state university system ,  we offer an extremely competitive benefits package . deadline consideration of applications will begin october 1 ,  2013 .  this position is open until filled . about the department the college of sciences is one of four colleges on campus and is comprised of the biological sciences ,  computer science ,  chemistry ,  mathematics ,  physics ,  physical sciences ,  geology ,  nursing ,  psychology and child development departments .  with about 2000 undergraduate majors and graduate students ,  the college of sciences is one of the fastest growing colleges in the university .  the department of biological sciences is housed in the new ,  state - of - the - art 110 , 000 square foot naraghi hall of science and offers programs of study in the life sciences for students seeking the bachelor of arts or the bachelor of science in biological sciences ,  or a master of science in marine science ,  ecology and sustainability ,  or genetic counseling .  to learn more about us ,  visit our web site at biology . csustan . edu . campus & area california state university ,  stanislaus ,  serves the san joaquin valley ,  one of the fastest growing areas in the country .  widely recognized for its quality academic programs ,  the university has 10 nationally accredited programs and approximately 4 00 full - time faculty .  over eighty percent of full time faculty holds doctorates or terminal degrees in their fields .  the university offers 41 undergraduate majors ,  24 master s programs ,  7 post - graduate credentials ,  and a doctorate in education serving 8 , 882 students .  new instructional facilities have been built for the unique pedagogy of professional programs ,  laboratory sciences ,  and performing arts . csu stanislaus continues to receive national recognition with its ranking as one of the best colleges in the nation by the princeton review .  the university was one of 12 public universities in the nation to be recognized by the american association of state colleges and universities for demonstrating exceptional performance in retention and graduation rates .  in addition ,  u . s .  news and world report ranks csu stanislaus as one of   the top public universities - master s   institutions in the west in its america s best colleges ratings .  csu stanislaus also is recognized as a hispanic - serving institution  ( hsi )  by the u . s .  department of education .      
 the cellular and molecular biology group ,  within research and drug discovery ,  is seeking a research assistant / research associate i to assist scientists in performing experiments .  primary responsibilities will include  molecular biology ,  mammalian cell culture ,  protein analysis and small scale purification ,  microscopy ,  and general lab duties .  the candidate will be focused on cell and enzyme - based assay development .  this individual must be competent with designing properly controlled experiments ,  analyzing data ,  and interpreting results .  the candidate will be involved in projects that involve presenting data to biomarin personnel and will assist in writing protocols and reports by organizing data and observations .     ?  ability to conduct well - defined experiments ,  make detailed observations ,  and provide quantitative analysis of data .   ?  participate with others in evaluations of methods or technologies  may contribute to new process method development .   ?  perform mammalian cell culture ,  molecular biology ,  protein analysis and purification ,  enzyme activity assays ,  and immunofluorescence microscopy .   ?  experience with a uplc is a plus .   ?  general lab duties and notebook documentation of experiments .      
 department  cincinnati children s hospital medical center supervisor s title  primary investigator titles supervised  na total number of fte s directly or indirectly supervised  0 purpose of position  to conduct laboratory duties and research for an assigned division ( s )  / department ( s )  of a medical center .  to independently perform experiments according to established procedures ,  to make accurate observations ,  to record test results ,  and to analyze data .   responsibilities  ·design & perform experiments and record data follow established research protocols .  understand the scientific principles involved in the research .  apply those principles to troubleshoot and modify procedures and techniques when appropriate .  maintain accurate and detailed records of all laboratory work and experiments .  analyze data and perform statistical and graphical analysis of data .  design and execute daily laboratory experiments in coordination with senior laboratory personnel .  apply standard protocols to specific experiments .  assists in training post doctoral fellows ,  graduate students ,  and junior laboratory personnel in laboratory techniques and equipment .  capable of directing an undergraduate trainee in simple ,  well - established procedures .  maintains an active role in laboratory s meetings ,  presentations ,  and publications .  contributes material for reports ,  publications ,  journal articles ,  and abstracts .  able to orally present data in group presentations .   ·research and improve current methods utilize internal and external resources to reproduce ,  evaluate ,  research ,  and improve techniques ,  bring in new techniques or modify existing techniques .  evaluate innovative techniques  ·lab administration troubleshoot and correct erroneous results or problems with laboratory equipment .  troubleshoot and / or make modifications as necessary to established procedures .  maintain inventory of laboratory supplies and equipment .  maintain cell cultures .  operate standard laboratory equipment .  willing and able to assist in daily operations of the laboratory including answering phone ,  maintaining lab supplies ,  organization ,  and cleanliness .  maintains optimal protocol and assay accuracy by conducting regular quality checks .  provides appropriate safety monitoring checks as assigned  ( radiation safety ,  biosafety ,  etc .  )   ·leadership may act as a mentor to more junior staff ,  serve as the contact for resolution of complex issues ,  provide education ,  guidance and work direction .  may provide input and feedback to managers on hiring decisions ,  professional development and performance management .   qualifications  skills & competencies  ·clerical abilities ability to perform clerical functions with accuracy and attention to detail  ·information analysis locating and gathering relevant information  recognizing and working to eliminate important gaps in existing information  determining the value of the information  synthesizing and organizing information to get a better understanding of a problem  ·diversity appreciation understanding and showing respect and appreciation for the uniqueness of all individuals  leveraging differences in others  perspectives and ideas  appreciating cultural differences and adjusting one s approach to successfully integrate with others who are different from oneself  ·follow instructions  -  adv ability to follow complex written and verbal instructions  ·scientific terminology  -  adv advanced knowledge of scientific terminology  ·computer proficiency proficiency in basic computer applications such as microsoft office ,  e - mail and internet  ·independence pursuing work with little supervision or assistance  directing one s own efforts  ·organization possess strong organization skills and attention to detail  ·time management prioritization and time - management skills sufficient to meet deadlines in a fast - paced environment  ·analysis strong analytical skills with the ability to make judgments and recommendations based on statistical analysis  ·statistics  -  intermediate familiarity with statistical software ,  statistical techniques ,  statistical process control principles ,  and graphical data display  ·problem solving ability to independently work through details of a problem to reach a positive solution  ·lab equipment ability to operate necessary laboratory instruments and equipment  ·research methods  -  basic working knowledge of research methods including measurement ,  data collection and validity issues  ·communication effective verbal ,  written and / or interpersonal communication skills  required   ·bachelor s degree in a related field and 1 year of experience working full time as a research assistant ii or ·equivalent combination of education and experience  in a designated and nationally recognized research environment  evidenced by contributions to the peer - reviewed literature or ·master s degree in a related field  ·experience with laboratory procedures ,  including instrumentation ,   quantitative skills ,  tissue culture ,  and animal handling  preferred   job research  primary location united states - ohio - cincinnati  schedule full - time  shift day job  job type standard  department neo / pulmonary biology  employee status regular  fte 1 . 0  weekly hours 40  salary range 15 . 09 - 25 . 14     
 a member of the research recruiting association in the education industry is seeking a full time biology lab assistant .  the member company offers the following environment  fast paced and hard working environment .  unique job number  nc91544a .  estimated starting salary of up to $65000 per year .  the right candidate will have experience with ,  or the skills and abilities to  attention to detail ,  exceptional ability to follow directions ,  problem solving .  seeking someone who can successfully perform the following tasks or scope of responsibilities  make calculations and present them to supervisor ,  clean and prepare for experiments ,  take inventory of chemicals and reagents and present to manager .  location  kannapolis ,  nc 28083     
 disney professional internships  animal programs  -  conservation biology internship disney’s animal kingdom® theme park  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .   department overview  the conservation biology professional internship is designed to give students experience in conducting research on native florida wildlife and sharing their passion for conservation with guests visiting disney’s animal kingdom® theme park and disney’s vero beach resort .  students will be involved in daily field work with sea turtles on the beach near disney’s vero beach resort and gopher tortoises on walt disney world property and will be involved in key aspects of data collection and analysis for a variety of native florida wildlife projects .      assist in species identification of sea turtle crawls ,  clutch location ,  and nest inventorying to determine hatching success during the nesting season near disney’s vero beach resort    assist in data collection on specific research projects involving sea turtles and sea turtle guest programs at disney’s vero beach resort    assist in locating gopher tortoises using vhf radio telemetry ,  burrow surveys ,  and vegetation surveys in the wildlife management and conservation area at the walt disney world® resort    conduct literature searches    interact with guests to communicate conservation messages about wildlife and wild places at disney’s animal kingdom® theme park and disney’s vero beach resort    enter data and maintain databases for a variety of wildlife projects   these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for this position     minimum grade point average of 3 . 0    college senior or recent college graduate    major in biology ,  zoology ,  conservation biology ,  wildlife biology ,  or other related science majors    experience using gps and gis technology    experience with microsoft office products    minimum of 6 months experience with sea turtles or gopher tortoise research under the direction of a senior scientist  note  this is a one - year internship .  current fall or fall advantage disney college program participants at the walt disney world® resort and current professional interns at the walt disney world® resort are not eligible to apply .      experience with native florida wildlife research preferred  additional information required materials     resume  ( outlining all of your required qualifications )     cover letter detailing your qualifications and interest    college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   to upload these documents     log into your dashboard at www . disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled “upload resumé”    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_type  ( i . e .  mickey_mouse_transcripts or mickey_mouse_coverletter )     select document type of “other”  if you experience any difficulty with uploading documents ,  please e - mail wdw . animal . program . interns@disney . com .   internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or have graduated from college within the past six months or be currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2013 through january 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   please note  you may be contacted after your application has been reviewed to turn in additional support materials .  if you have any additional questions please email wdw . animal . program . interns@disney . com .   application deadline  the deadline to     
 the biology department seeks an sjc student with federal work - study for the position of lab assistant for the 2013 - 2014 academic year .   duties associated with position  â€¢ assist professor with lab setup ,  mixing reagents ,  cleaning up lab ,  equipment maintenance ,  and other various tasks around the department .  â€¢ assist professor with preparation of teaching materials ,  av materials ,  computer record keeping ,  grading ,  photocopying .   required skills  â€¢ good lab skills ,  independent worker ,  dependable .  â€¢ interest in biology ,  basic computer knowledge ,  good organizational skills ,  dependable .   number of hours per week per employee anticipated  4 - 8  number of employees required in the department for this job  1  time requirements  scheduled with department  employees will require additional osha training ?  no  applicants must be willing to support the mission and core values of saint josephâ€™s college .   saint josephâ€™s college is an eeo employer .   review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the positions are filled .   specific questions may be emailed to  sjcemployment@sjcme . edu or call 207 - 893 - 7757 .      
  candidates cannot begin assignment without successful completion of drug and background screenings  3 month contract assignment  provide routine biological and ecological support for system operations through the collecting ,  analyzing and reporting of scientific data .  primary emphasis is preparation of 316 ( b )  documents reporting results of historical studies of impingement and entrainment of organisms at power stations .  will also participate in other investigations and surveys that evaluate company activities that may impact the environment .  collect ,  compile and analyze biological data .  maintain environmental monitoring records .  prepare and calibrate lab and field equipment to perform routine tests .  collect and record environmental data from instruments .  assist with environmental monitoring programs .  identify aquatic organisms through use of taxonomic keys .  assist in preparation of biological reports .  maintain proper application of all environmental sampling techniques .  assure proper care ,  maintenance and use of all sampling and other equipment .  write technical reports .  basic knowledge of environmental regulations .  basic knowledge of computer applications .  education bachelors preferred discipline preferred  biology ,  chemistry  to apply email resume as a word document attachment to katie . lee@onboardusa . com ,  reference job #17583     
 assist cell biology professors with laboratory instruction .  minimum of three hours per week ,  maximum of six hours .       to apply ,  complete the online application and attach a resume and the names and contact information for three references .   if you are hired ,  please keep in mind that you will need to complete the appropriate documents in payroll prior to being paid .   the screening of applicants will begin immediately and will remain open until filled .   wsu is an aa / eo employer .      
 disney professional internships  animal programs  -  reproductive biology internship disney’s animal kingdom® theme park  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .   department overview  interns in reproductive biology work as part of the science team in the wildlife tracking center at disney s animal kingdom® theme park .  these interns receive extensive training in hormonal analysis and learn to conduct hormone assays .  interns in reproductive biology also share information about science team projects with our guests .  this is a laboratory position with no animal contact .      organize and prepare biological samples for hormonal analysis  ( e . g .  urine and fecal samples from a variety of species including white rhino and okapi )  .     perform hormonal analyses on a variety of species using enzyme immunoassays  ( eia s )  .     maintain / graph / analyze hormonal data .     share information about science team projects with disney’s animal kingdom® theme park guests .     prepare and maintain laboratory equipment .     support the team in other capacities as assigned .    you must meet the basic qualification in order to apply for the internship     minimum grade point average of 3 . 0    junior ,  senior ,  recent college graduate ,  master s student or recent master’s graduate    biology ,  animal science ,  or related major    minimum of three months of non - classroom research experience within an established scientific research program    formal coursework or laboratory experience in endocrinology ,  reproductive biology ,  chemistry ,  or physiology laboratory techniques     other laboratory coursework    public speaking experience    laboratory experience performing enzyme immunoassays  additional information required materials     resume  ( outlining all of your required qualifications )     cover letter detailing your qualifications and interest    college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   to upload these documents     log into your dashboard at www . disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled “edit profile info”    click on the   attachments   tab    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_type  ( i . e .  mickey_mouse_transcripts or mickey_mouse_coverletter )     select document type of “other”  if you experience any difficulty with uploading documents ,  please e - mail wdw . animal . program . interns@disney . com .   internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or have graduated from college within the past six months or be currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    must be at least 18 years of age    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   please note  you may be contacted after your application has been reviewed to turn in additional support materials .  if you have any additional questions please email wdw . animal . program . interns@disney . com .   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   application deadline  the deadline to     
 disney professional internships  animal programs  -  aquarium  /  marine biology internship the seas with nemo & friends® pavilion at epcot®  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom park ,  epcot disney’s hollywood studios ,  and disney’s animal kingdom theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world resort .  department overview  this internship will provide the student with practical ,  hands - on experience used in the day - to - day care of aquatic animals  ( non - marine mammals )  exhibited in a public setting ,  including large ,  small ,  and quarantine systems .      prepare daily diets for all aquarium fish ,  sea turtles ,  and invertebrates .     large systems  feed and train a variety of teleosts ,  elasmobranchs ,  and sea turtles  (  2 , 000 individuals ,  65 species )  in the 5 . 7 million gallon aquarium ,  utilizing scuba diving .  learn large animal handling techniques and assist in procedures .     small systems  assist with maintenance of life support systems and animal care for a series of smaller fish ,  coral ,  and invertebrate exhibits    quarantine systems  learn to work with quarantine systems ,  assisting with chemical and medical treatments of newly arrived fish    animal training  learn and utilize the process of animal training according to behavior husbandry department guidelines .     perform and analyze water chemistries to maintain optimum aquarium system health .     collect and record data on feeding ,  necropsies ,  water chemistries ,  and animal training .     maintain cleanliness of all areas according to usda standards .     learn aspects of marine conservation and share conservation message with guests .    you must meet the basic qualification in order to apply for the internship     minimum grade point average of 3 . 0    junior ,  senior or recent college graduate    biology ,  marine biology ,  marine education ,  zoology or related major    scuba certification is required at the time of application .  applicants must currently have a scuba certification card when applying for the internship .  we cannot accept applicants that are currently in scuba class or are planning on completing it after application submission .     computer proficiency in microsoft word and excel    ability to lift and carry 50 pounds    minimum of 3 months experience  ( full time ,  internship ,  classroom ,  or volunteer )  in aquatic animal care  ( primarily with fish and invertebrates )  ,  including diet preparation ,  feeding ,  and cleaning    minimum of 3 months experience  ( full time ,  internship ,  classroom ,  or volunteer )  working with saltwater aquarium systems ,  including tank maintenance ,  plumbing ,  and water quality control  additional information required materials     resume  ( outlining all of your required qualifications )     cover letter detailing your qualifications and interest    college transcripts  ( official or unofficial )   to upload these documents     log into your dashboard at www . disneyinterns . com    click the link labeled “edit profile info”    click on the   attachments   tab    be sure your document is titled in this format  firstname_lastname_type  ( i . e .  mickey_mouse_transcripts or mickey_mouse_coverletter )     select document type of “other”  if you experience any difficulty with uploading documents ,  please e - mail wdw . animal . program . interns@disney . com .   internship eligibility     must be enrolled in a college / university taking at least one class in the semester / quarter  ( spring / fall )  prior to participation in the internship program or have graduated from college within the past six months or be currently participating in a disney college program or disney professional internship    must be at least 18 years of age    not have already completed two consecutive  ( spring / fall )  college or professional internship programs    must possess unrestricted work authorization    must provide full work availability    must provide own transportation to / from work    current active disney cast members must meet professional internship transfer guidelines  ( for walt disney world cast members this is no more than four points and one reprimand in the last six months  for disneyland cast members this is six months of consecutive service and a performance record clear of any disciplinary issues  ( warnings ,  suspensions ,  etc .  )  for at least six months )   please note  you may be contacted after your application has been reviewed to turn in additional support materials .  if you have any additional questions please email wdw . animal . program . interns@disney . com .   program length  the approximate dates of this internship are january 2014 through june 2014 .  interns must be fully available for the duration of the internship .   housing  a limited amount of company - sponsored housing is available on a first - come ,  first - serve basis .   application deadline  the deadline to apply for this internship is oct 2nd ,  2013 .   recommendation – print this role description  strong candidates may be invited to complete a phone interview .  we strongly encourage applicants to print a copy of this role description so they can refer to it in the event they are selected for a phone interview .  note that this role description will not be accessible once the posting is closed on oct 2nd ,  2013 .   attention international students  if you are currently studying in the united states on an f - 1 or j - 1 visa and do not have a social security number ,  please contact our office at 407 - 828 - 1736 prior to applying .  apply     
 production & supply parent seed internship  ( slater ,  ia )  job apply now  ?  syngenta date aug 25 ,  2013 location slater ,  ia ,  us division production & supply function corn & soybean production city slater state / province iowa  [ ia ]  position title production & supply parent seed internship  ( slater ,  ia )  job id 4199 role purpose / accountabilities  successful candidate will be working with parent seed staff to safely produce quality parent seed corn to support syngenta north america seed production .  knowledge ,  skills & experience candidate must   -  be able to work in a team environment  -  understand basic agronomic principles  -  be a junior or senior  -  proficient in microsoft office  -  major in agronomy ,  ag business ,  ag economics ,  biology and / or diversified agriculture  -  have driver license additional information  no travel required .  nearest major market ames nearest secondary market des moines job segments agricultural ,  intern ,  agronomy ,  supply ,  scientific ,  agriculture ,  entry level ,  operations ,  engineering apply now  ?      
 united rentals ,  the largest equipment rental company in the world ,  is offering an exciting opportunity for a sales representative ready to grow their career with the leader in the industry .  to continue our tremendous success and unparalleled growth ,  we are searching for qualified and ambitious individuals ready to increase revenue for the branch through exceptional customer service and sales initiative .  this position is dedicated to underground trench safety equipment rental and supply needs  customers include contractor companies ,  non - building ,  industrial and commercial building contractors .  the sales representative will report to the branch manager and will be instrumental in achieving the branch business plan through profitable revenue generation .   • increase sales and branch revenue • establishing new rental and sales accounts through cold calling and personal visits to potential customer sites • offering a full range of products and services to new and current customers ,  including other specialty product lines and the sale or rental of equipment • coordinating with all branch departments to ensure customer satisfaction • complete and maintain daily ,  weekly and monthly reports as assigned • educating customers about equipment through demonstration .  • instruct “competent person training” and “confined space training” classes  sales representatives receive a base salary ,  plus a monthly commission incentive plan with no earning ceiling and the use of a company vehicle .  we provide our sales representatives with the top sales technology tools ,  including saleforce . com and i - phone sales applications ,  giving them the resources to succeed .  united rentals invests in their employees through on - going training and development to enhance their skills and performance .  excellence in this challenging and rewarding position paves the way for advancement into the role of operations manager ,  branch manager ,  sales manager and other key account sales positions .      
 a postdoctoral position is open to pursue research in the areas of regulatory t cells ,  mucosal tolerance ,  and autoimmunity ,  with an emphasis on developing novel approaches to promote antigen - specific tolerance in type - 1  ( autoimmune )  diabetes .  the successful candidate will have training and expertise in mucosal immunology ,  regulatory t cell biology ,  autoimmunity ,  or related fields of immunology .  the postdoc will design and implement experiments exploring new biology in the area of mucosal tolerance and its application to disease research in autoimmunity ,  and in particular type - 1 diabetes  requirements   • knowledge of techniques such as in vivo modeling of immune function ,  flow cytometry ,  immune cellular assays ,  dna / rna / protein analysis ,  is highly desirable  • ph . d .  in a relevant field of study ,  and a successful publication record  • excellent communication ,  organization ,  writing and data analysis skills are also a must ,  as well as a positive outlook and a team - oriented attitude  interested candidates please send a copy of your cv including publication record ,  and three  ( 3 ) references .       phd in a relevant field of study and a successful publication record .  english .  as required .          research     
 united rentals ,  the largest equipment rental company in the world ,  is offering an exciting opportunity for a sales representative ready to grow their career with the leader in the industry .  to continue our tremendous success and unparalleled growth ,  we are searching for qualified and ambitious individuals ready to increase revenue for the branch through exceptional customer service .  the sales representative will report to the branch manager and will be instrumental in achieving the branch business plan through profitable revenue generation .   responsibilities will include  • increase sales and branch revenue • establishing new rental and sales accounts through cold calling and personal visits to potential customer sites • offering a full range of products and services to new and current customers ,  including other specialty product lines and the sale or rental of equipment • coordinating with all branch departments to ensure customer satisfaction • educating customers about equipment through demonstration .   sales representatives receive a base salary ,  plus a monthly commission incentive plan with no earning ceiling and the use of a company vehicle .  we provide our sales representatives with the top sales technology tools ,  including saleforce . com and i - phone sales applications ,  giving them the resources to succeed .  united rentals invests in their employees through on - going training and development to enhance their skills and performance .  excellence in this challenging and rewarding position paves the way for advancement into the role of operations manager ,  branch manager ,  sales manager and other key account sales positions .      
 sales  req 5288–5299—business development representative  ( boston ,  ma  /  denver ,  co  /  austin ,  tx  /  new york city ,  ny )   why netsuite ?  picture yourself building a successful career at netsuite—working alongside other talented ,  driven individuals to help fast–growing mid - size organizations and larger enterprises achieve their business goals with the world s #1 cloud - based business management suite for erp / financials ,  crm ,  ecommerce and more .   founded in 1998 by oracle ceo larry ellison and netsuite cto and chairman evan goldberg ,  netsuite  ( nyse  n )  is used by more than 16 , 000 companies and subsidiaries to run mission - critical operations without the high capital costs and inefficiency of antiquated client / server systems .  named by gartner as the world s fastest - growing financial management vendor and winner of a prestigious 2011 codie award for best financial management solution ,  netsuite is where business is going .   if you d like to join our dynamic ,  driven and fun team ,  click on the apply now button below .   summary  our business development representative  ( bdr )  program prepares entry level candidates for an exciting and rewarding career at netsuite .  the 12–18 month program focuses on building product knowledge and developing sales skills through training and development .  we are looking to hire our next superstar sales representative or account manager and continue to build a culture of promoting from within .     qualifying and producing quality leads for the account executives .    interacting by phone and email with key personnel up to ,  and including ,  c - level executives .    analyzing prospect business needs ,  understanding processes ,  identifying projects ,  determining requirements and ascertaining potential solutions .    acquiring and maintaining a working knowledge of the complete capabilities of netsuite s solution from multiple perspectives—support ,  professional services ,  client management and sales .    working on ad hoc projects for various departments within the organization .   if successful in the bdr role ,  it is expected that you will be promoted into the netsuite sales organization with a potential 50–100% increase in income .   qualifications     ba / bs from top tier college / university  graduating class of 2012–2014 .    intelligent ,  motivated and competitive with a   roll - up - the - sleeves   and   get the job done   attitude .    well - rounded individual with varied interests and experience .    excellent communication  ( verbal ,  written ,  and presentation )  and interpersonal skills  ( outgoing and personable )    thrive on working in a fast - paced environment .    strong work and / or internship experience  accounting background a plus .    effective when working independently and in team environments .    receptive to constructive criticism .    strong business judgment and common sense .    desire to work in tech industry with a growing company .   why this is a  ( really )  great opportunity   there are too many reasons to list ,  so let s start with four   1 .  we have awesome leadership who truly cares about your success and who you can trust to guide you through your career .  2 .  we have a vision that we are passionate about  to provide a web - based business management solution with all the power of traditional applications at a fraction of the cost .  we trail blaze in everything we do ,  we   take the hill ,    and we are committed to both our customers and our employees .  3 .  you will get training and autonomy  netsuite provides a unique ,  hands - on learning opportunity that will help give you a competitive edge early in your career .  4 .  we are fun  ( no seriously ,  we are .  )   netsuite is built on a culture of teamwork and innovation .  team work + innovation + awesome people = fun .      
 energy ,  environment & transportation  environmental health science  fairfax ,  va  about the environmental health science team  icf international specializes in identifying and quantifying the effects of chemicals and pathogens on human health and the environment .  we provide high - end technical services and in - depth analyses to help clients review ,  evaluate ,  and develop health - protective ,  cost - effective solutions to a wide range of issues .  our toxicology ,  exposure ,  and risk assessment work addresses the full spectrum of potentially hazardous and toxic substances ,  including     environmental pollutants—metals ,  pesticides ,  and volatile organic compounds   hazardous agents—chemicals ,  microbes ,  and radionuclides   foodborne substances—additives ,  food contact substances ,  microbial contaminants ,  and pharmaceutical residues  job description   our environmental health science group is seeking a part - time intern who has a degree in toxicology ,  epidemiology ,  public health ,  biology ,  environmental science ,  biostatistics or a related discipline to support our fairfax office .  flexible schedule and telecommuting allowable .   the job does not involve hands - on laboratory or field work .   the person will primarily perform the following responsibilities in support of risk assessments for chemical substances   qualifications  key responsibilities     toxicology / epidemiology study review   data extraction and entry   quality assurance  basic qualifications     bachelor s degree in toxicology ,  epidemiology ,  public health ,  biology ,  environmental science ,  biostatistics or related discipline   cumulative gpa of at least 3 . 0 .    excellent oral communication and technical writing skills .   preferred skills     proficiency with microsoft excel ,  access ,  and other quantitative computer software   prior experience in consulting ,  private industry ,  government / regulatory agencies ,  or other related jobs  professional skills     excellent written and oral communication skills   strong aptitude for analytical work   must be proficient in the use of excel and word and must have and technical writing skills   prior experience in consulting ,  private industry ,  government / regulatory agencies ,  or other related jobs is preferred but not required   the job does not involve hands - on laboratory or field work ,  but experience in either area may be a plus  icf international is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer  -  m / f / d / v     
 product development  req 5583–5587—quality assurance engineer ,  entry level  ( new  /  recent graduates )   ( san mateo ,  ca )   why netsuite ?  picture yourself building a successful career at netsuite—working alongside other talented ,  driven individuals to help fast - growing mid - size organizations and larger enterprises achieve their business goals with the world s #1 cloud - based business management suite for erp / financials ,  crm ,  ecommerce and more .   founded in 1998 by oracle ceo larry ellison and netsuite cto and chairman evan goldberg ,  netsuite  ( nyse  n )  is used by more than 16 , 000 high - growth and midsized companies and divisions of large enterprises to run mission - critical operations without the high costs and inefficiency of on - premise systems .  named by gartner as the world s fastest - growing financial management vendor on a global basis and winner of 2 prestigious 2013 codie award for best financial management solution and best cloud infrastructure ,  netsuite is where business is going .   if you d like to join our dynamic ,  driven and fun team ,  click on the apply now button below .   summary  the quality assurance engineer will be part of the team responsible for testing netsuite s on - demand web - based ,  erp / crm / net commerce application .   this person must be an extremely bright ,  articulate ,  and accomplished problem solver ,  capable of troubleshooting complex software application problems .  they must be able to provide both preventative actions to avoid similar future problems ,  and to make recommendations on corrective actions to resolve existing product and customer problems .   responsibilities  responsibilities will include  writing test plans for new product features ,  designing ,  implementing and running automated tests ,  executing test plans ,  reporting software bugs ,  reproducing problems reported by customers ,  and verifying software bug fixes from development .   qualifications / skills     b . s .  in computer science or comparable business degree   java or javascript experience is required   experience writing sql queries is required   experience testing / developing internet applications is an advantage   familiarity with unit test development is an advantage   familiarity with three - tiered applications is an advantage   experience working with accounting software is an advantage   strong verbal & written communication skills   excellent interpersonal skills working in a team environment   self - motivated ,  capable of working independently when needed   organized and reliable ,  able to efficiently manage multiple tasks   great attitude and work ethic   history of strong academic achievement required     
 product development  req 5577–5582—software engineer ,  entry level  ( new  /  recent graduates )   ( san mateo ,  ca )   why netsuite ?  picture yourself building a successful career at netsuite—working alongside other talented ,  driven individuals to help fast - growing mid - size organizations and larger enterprises achieve their business goals with the world s #1 cloud - based business management suite for erp / financials ,  crm ,  ecommerce and more .   founded in 1998 by oracle ceo larry ellison and netsuite cto and chairman evan goldberg ,  netsuite  ( nyse  n )  is used by more than 16 , 000 high - growth and midsized companies and divisions of large enterprises to run mission - critical operations without the high costs and inefficiency of on - premise systems .  named by gartner as the world s fastest - growing financial management vendor on a global basis and winner of 2 prestigious 2013 codie award for best financial management solution and best cloud infrastructure ,  netsuite is where business is going .   if you d like to join our dynamic ,  driven and fun team ,  click on the apply now button below .   summary  netsuite is looking for a developer to work on the engineering team tasked with building and maintaining netsuite ,  an integrated cloud erp ,  crm ,  and e - commerce service .   responsibilities  you will work closely with other development teams ,  product management and qa to define and to implement new product offerings ,  and enhance and ensure continued functionality of the netsuite service .  technically ,  you will be implementing solutions that include database schema ,  business logic as well as some presentation layer work .  you will use existing methods and best practices to develop new techniques as appropriate to create features and platforms with the highest levels of security ,  reliability ,  efficiency ,  and scalability .   you must have an intimate ,  working understanding of modern web applications from database to browser .  you must have a proficiency in sql ,  object oriented languages and extensive experience with database driven applications .  you must be an excellent communicator in both technical and non - technical contexts .  you must have a record of working to deadlines in a rapid development cycle and prioritizing competing demands .  pride in your work and a desire to delight the customer should motivate you to take initiative ,  take responsibility and take ownership of your projects .   qualifications / skills     b . s .  in computer engineering or equivalent   2+ years software development experience   1 year sql database experience   2 years experience with java ,  c# or c++   understanding of http ,  internet protocols ,  web browsers   superior communication skills   history of strong academic achievement required   experience working on a software development team   enterprise business application development experience   a passion for creating great software     
 sales  req 5288–5299—business development representative  ( boston ,  ma  /  denver ,  co  /  austin ,  tx  /  new york city ,  ny )   why netsuite ?  picture yourself building a successful career at netsuite—working alongside other talented ,  driven individuals to help fast–growing mid - size organizations and larger enterprises achieve their business goals with the world s #1 cloud - based business management suite for erp / financials ,  crm ,  ecommerce and more .   founded in 1998 by oracle ceo larry ellison and netsuite cto and chairman evan goldberg ,  netsuite  ( nyse  n )  is used by more than 16 , 000 companies and subsidiaries to run mission - critical operations without the high capital costs and inefficiency of antiquated client / server systems .  named by gartner as the world s fastest - growing financial management vendor and winner of a prestigious 2011 codie award for best financial management solution ,  netsuite is where business is going .   if you d like to join our dynamic ,  driven and fun team ,  click on the apply now button below .   summary  our business development representative  ( bdr )  program prepares entry level candidates for an exciting and rewarding career at netsuite .  the 12–18 month program focuses on building product knowledge and developing sales skills through training and development .  we are looking to hire our next superstar sales representative or account manager and continue to build a culture of promoting from within .     qualifying and producing quality leads for the account executives .    interacting by phone and email with key personnel up to ,  and including ,  c - level executives .    analyzing prospect business needs ,  understanding processes ,  identifying projects ,  determining requirements and ascertaining potential solutions .    acquiring and maintaining a working knowledge of the complete capabilities of netsuite s solution from multiple perspectives—support ,  professional services ,  client management and sales .    working on ad hoc projects for various departments within the organization .   if successful in the bdr role ,  it is expected that you will be promoted into the netsuite sales organization with a potential 50–100% increase in income .   qualifications     ba / bs from top tier college / university  graduating class of 2012–2014 .    intelligent ,  motivated and competitive with a   roll - up - the - sleeves   and   get the job done   attitude .    well - rounded individual with varied interests and experience .    excellent communication  ( verbal ,  written ,  and presentation )  and interpersonal skills  ( outgoing and personable )    thrive on working in a fast - paced environment .    strong work and / or internship experience  accounting background a plus .    effective when working independently and in team environments .    receptive to constructive criticism .    strong business judgment and common sense .    desire to work in tech industry with a growing company .   why this is a  ( really )  great opportunity   there are too many reasons to list ,  so let s start with four   1 .  we have awesome leadership who truly cares about your success and who you can trust to guide you through your career .  2 .  we have a vision that we are passionate about  to provide a web - based business management solution with all the power of traditional applications at a fraction of the cost .  we trail blaze in everything we do ,  we   take the hill ,    and we are committed to both our customers and our employees .  3 .  you will get training and autonomy  netsuite provides a unique ,  hands - on learning opportunity that will help give you a competitive edge early in your career .  4 .  we are fun  ( no seriously ,  we are .  )   netsuite is built on a culture of teamwork and innovation .  team work + innovation + awesome people = fun .      
 professional services  req 5552–5557—professional services analyst  /  consultant  ( new  /  recent graduates )   ( denver ,  co )   why netsuite ?  picture yourself building a successful career at netsuite—working alongside other talented ,  driven individuals to help fast - growing mid - size organizations and larger enterprises achieve their business goals with the world s #1 cloud - based business management suite for erp / financials ,  crm ,  ecommerce and more .   founded in 1998 by oracle ceo larry ellison and netsuite cto and chairman evan goldberg ,  netsuite  ( nyse  n )  is used by more than 16 , 000 high - growth and midsized companies and divisions of large enterprises to run mission - critical operations without the high costs and inefficiency of on - premise systems .  named by gartner as the world s fastest - growing financial management vendor on a global basis and winner of 2 prestigious 2013 codie award for best financial management solution and best cloud infrastructure ,  netsuite is where business is going .   if you d like to join our dynamic ,  driven and fun team ,  click on the apply now button below .   summary  the professional services analyst is an entry - level position within netsuite professional services .  the psa will work with netsuite professional services consultants to deliver successful implementation projects .  the majority of these services are delivered from our offices over the telephone and internet yet customer requirements may require some travel within north america .  netsuite implementations require our professional services team to assess customer implementation needs ,  map those needs to the netsuite application ,  then develop and deliver the necessary configurations to achieve an on - time ,  on - budget implementation project .   responsibilities  successful candidates will participate in a structured training process and afterwards be able to make an immediate contribution to the organization .  the psas will build skills for implementing netsuite and have the opportunity to increase their level of responsibility by     being a team member on a customer implementation project   using a structured methodology in the delivery of projects   understanding how to obtain customer business requirements and mapping them to netsuite software   designing solutions using netsuite functions and features   identifying and managing gaps in customer requirements and netsuite functionality   working and interacting with customers in the configuration of their netsuite system   building successful customer relationships whether remotely or face - to - face  qualifications / skills     intelligent ,  motivated and competitive with a   roll - up - the - sleeves   and   get the job done   attitude   well - rounded individual with varied interests and experience   excellent communication  ( verbal ,  written ,  and presentation )  and interpersonal skills  ( outgoing and personable )    thrive on working in a fast - paced environment   effective when working independently and in team environments   receptive to constructive criticism   desire to work in tech industry with a growing company   intellectual curiosity   3 . 2+ gpa at a us college / university  graduating class of 2014   bachelor s degree in business administration or economics  focus on accounting and / or management information systems preferred   mastery of microsoft office products   strong work and / or internship experience   strong business judgment and common sense   an analytical approach to problem solving   initiative ,  creativity and a passion to deliver results that make a difference to our customers   excellent listening skills ,  both in situations with netsuite management ,  as well as customers   ability to multi - task and prioritize   ability to work and contribute to project team planning activities   ability to manage time effectively ,  across many concurrent customer projects   ability to work in a deadline - focused environment ,  consistently producing deliverables within agreed - upon timeframes   ability to quickly learn and master new technologies   experience with the following applications is a plus  netsuite ,  quickbooks ,  great plains ,  salesforce . com ,  upshot ,  act ,  goldmine ,  mas 90 ,  siebel ,  oracle ,  sap ,  peoplesoft ,  jd edwards     
 professional services  req 5558–5563—technical analyst  /  consultant  ( new  /  recent graduates )   ( denver ,  co )   why netsuite ?  picture yourself building a successful career at netsuite—working alongside other talented ,  driven individuals to help fast - growing mid - size organizations and larger enterprises achieve their business goals with the world s #1 cloud - based business management suite for erp / financials ,  crm ,  ecommerce and more .   founded in 1998 by oracle ceo larry ellison and netsuite cto and chairman evan goldberg ,  netsuite  ( nyse  n )  is used by more than 16 , 000 high - growth and midsized companies and divisions of large enterprises to run mission - critical operations without the high costs and inefficiency of on - premise systems .  named by gartner as the world s fastest - growing financial management vendor on a global basis and winner of 2 prestigious 2013 codie award for best financial management solution and best cloud infrastructure ,  netsuite is where business is going .   if you d like to join our dynamic ,  driven and fun team ,  click on the apply now button below .   summary  the technical analyst / consultant is an entry - level position within netsuite professional services .  the analyst will work with netsuite professional services consultants to deliver successful implementation projects .  the majority of these services are delivered from our offices over the telephone and internet yet customer requirements may require some travel within north america .  netsuite implementations require our professional services team to assess customer implementation needs ,  map those needs to the netsuite application ,  then develop and deliver the necessary configurations to achieve an on - time ,  on - budget implementation project .   responsibilities  successful candidates will participate in a structured training process and afterwards be able to make an immediate contribution to the organization .  the analyst will build skills for implementing netsuite and have the opportunity to increase their level of responsibility by     being a team member on a customer implementation project   using a structured methodology in the delivery of projects   understanding how to obtain customer business requirements and mapping them to netsuite software   designing solutions using netsuite functions and features   identifying and managing gaps in customer requirements and netsuite functionality   working and interacting with customers in the configuration of their netsuite system   building successful customer relationships whether remotely or face - to - face  qualifications / skills     intelligent ,  motivated and competitive with a   roll - up - the - sleeves   and   get the job done   attitude   well - rounded individual with varied interests and experience   excellent communication  ( verbal ,  written ,  and presentation )  and interpersonal skills  ( outgoing and personable )    thrive on working in a fast - paced environment   effective when working independently and in team environments   receptive to constructive criticism   desire to work in tech industry with a growing company   intellectual curiosity   3 . 2+ gpa at a us college / university  graduating class of 2014   bachelor s degree ,  preferably in engineering ,  computer science or related discipline   basic understanding of software development lifecycle  ( sdlc )  methodologies   understanding of system architecture ,  object - oriented design ,  web frameworks and patterns   aptitude to build web applications using java /  . net / php or similar development languages   experience in web technologies / standards  ( html ,  javascript )  ,  unit testing and defect management tools   trained user of microsoft office products   strong work and / or internship experience   strong business judgment and common sense   an analytical approach to problem solving   initiative ,  creativity and a passion to deliver results that make a difference to our customers   excellent listening skills ,  both in situations with netsuite management ,  as well as customers   ability to multi - task and prioritize   ability to work and contribute to project team planning activities   ability to manage time effectively ,  across many concurrent customer projects   ability to work in a deadline - focused environment ,  consistently producing deliverables within agreed - upon timeframes   ability to quickly learn and master new technologies   experience with the following applications is a plus  netsuite ,  quickbooks ,  great plains ,  salesforce . com ,  upshot ,  act ,  goldmine ,  mas 90 ,  siebel ,  oracle ,  sap ,  peoplesoft ,  jd edwards     
 job description  benefits  supplemental questions  attention alaska residents !   the department of transportation and public facilities  ( dot&pf )  ,  measurement standards and commercial vehicle enforcement division is looking for a motivated ,  energetic  and detail - oriented professional to fill our office assistant iivacancy to help us keep alaska moving !   this position serves as the division travel and payroll coordinator .   key responsibilities include ,  but are not limited to ,  the following     prepare ,  track ,  and process staff travel arrangements through the state travel office ,  including securing tickets ,  lodging ,  and car rentals    draft tas  ( travel authorizations )  and per diem estimates  and compile and calculate final travel costs for approval and payment    reconcile travel related auto pays using the alaska state accounting system  ( aksas )     audit timesheets and prepare for submittal    greet the public and members of industry when they visit    open ,  date stamp ,  and distribute daily mail  and   input time & equipment  ( t&e )  hours into aksas .   the volume of work performed in this position is high .  the successful candidate will be a team player with a positive attitude who enjoys a variety of different tasks with changing priorities .   our ideal candidate will have the following strengths and abilities     ability to be flexible and willing to work in an environment with changing priorities    ability to work with confidential ,  sensitive information    working knowledge of correct business practices ,  correspondence ,  and typing formats ,  including the proper use of english grammar ,  composition ,  spelling ,  and punctuation .    ability to make travel arrangements on short notice    have a high degree of accuracy in work project and strong attention to detail    excellent organizational skills ,  customer service skills ,  and computer skills  and   strong work ethic with reliable attendance and punctuality .    ability to search for ,  select ,  and compile and / or summarize data and information .    ability to establish and maintain cooperative relations with those contacted in the course of the work .    ability to work independently and prioritize workload .   minimum qualifications  high school diploma or the equivalent .  and one year of experience that includes clerical tasks such as greeting clients ,  answering phones ,  typing ,  filing ,  sorting mail ,  entering data ,  receiving payments ,  making change ,  or maintaining logs .   substitution  education from an accredited college may substitute for the required experience  ( 3 semester hours or 4 quarter hours equal one month of experience  150 hours of vocation education equal one month of experience )  .   special note  “high school diploma equivalent   means one of the following  1 )  a g . e . d .   2 )  completion of any basic adult education course equivalent to 480 class hours  ( 16 weeks at 30 course hours per week )   3 )  acceptance in full standing by an accredited college or university  4 )  highest grade of school completed plus an amount of paid or volunteer experience that totals 12 years and includes basic clerical tasks such as greeting clients ,  answering phones ,  typing ,  filing ,  sorting mail ,  entering data ,  receiving payments ,  making change ,  or maintaining logs .   some positions in this class may require the incumbent to operate motor vehicles .  such positions require that the applicant possess a regular driver s license and be 18 years of age or older .   some position in this class may require skill in typing .  recruitment and selection may include this requirement .   additional required information     note  please read the following carefully    alaska residents only  this recruitment is open to alaska residents only .   applicants mustmeet alaska residency requirements in order to be considered for employment at this time .  non - alaska residents need not apply .   cover letter  applicants are requiredto include a cover letter with their application for this position .  in your cover letter ,  in professional business format ,  detail your experience ,  training and / or education that support the “key responsibilities” of this position ,  how you meet the minimum qualifications ,  and how your prior experiences / education support the “desired qualifications   listed in the job description above .   the cover letter will be considered as a writing sample and will be used to determine which applicants will advance to the interview phase of the recruitment and selection process .  applicants who do not submit a clear ,  well organized ,  informative cover letter meeting the requirements detailed above will not be considered for an interview .   work experience  when utilizing work experience not already documented in your applicant profile ,  also provide the employer name ,  your job title ,  dates of employment and whether full - time or part - time within your cover letter .  applications and resumes will be reviewed to determine if the minimum qualifications are clearly met .  if they are not ,  the applicant may not advance to the interview and selection phase of the recruitment .   education  if post - secondary education is required or is used as a substitution to meet the minimum qualifications ,  it is required to complete the education and training section of the application .  if you have not obtained a degree ,  please indicate the number of credit hours earned in the degrees obtained field .  copies of transcripts will be required at time of interview .   recruitment notice  this recruitment may be used for more than one  ( 1 )  vacancy .  the applicant pool acquired during this recruitment may be used for future vacancies for up to ninety days after this recruitment closes .  interested applicants are encouraged to apply to each recruitment notice to ensure consideration for all vacancies .   notice  questions regarding the application process can be directed to the workplace alaska hotline at 800 - 587 - 0430  ( toll free )  or  ( 907 )  465 -  4095 .  if you choose to be contacted by email ,  please ensure your email address is correct on your application and that the spam filter will permit email from the ‘govermentjobs . com’ domains .  for information on allowing emails from the ‘governmentjobs . com’ domains ,  visit the lost password help page located at https  /  / www . governmentjobs . com .  .  .  .   eeo statement the state of alaska complies with title i of the americans with disabilities act  ( ada )  .  individuals with disabilities ,  who require accommodation ,  auxiliary aides or services ,  or alternative communication formats ,  please call 1 - 800 - 587 - 0430 or 465 - 4095 in juneau or  ( 907 )  465 - 3412  ( tty )  or correspond with the division of personnel & labor relations at the address above .  the state of alaska is an equal opportunity employer .   contact information   name / title  stephanie swanston ,  administrative officer i  phone   ( 907 )  365 - 1224  email  stephanie . swanston@alaska . gov     
 disney professional internships  animal programs – aquatic vet hospital internship the seas with nemo & friends® pavilion at epcot®  company overview  since its opening in 1971 ,  the walt disney world resort near orlando ,  fl has grown to feature four theme parks – the magic kingdom® park ,  epcot® ,  disney’s hollywood studios® ,  and disney’s animal kingdom® theme park .  in addition ,  more than 20 themed resort hotels ,  two water parks ,  and the downtown disney® area ,  a daytime and nighttime entertainment complex ,  are part of the walt disney world® resort .   department overview  this professional internship is designed to give a student the experience to provide exceptional veterinary care to aquatic animals and to increase their knowledge about conservation .      assist veterinary staff in the daily operations of the facility .     stock medical supplies .     set up for medical exams / procedures .     clean the treatment room .     maintain surgical equipment .     record medical data .     assist veterinary staff in processing laboratory samples .     develop and present conservation message to educate and inspire walt disney world® resort guests in areas of aquatic zoological medicine and wildlife conservation .    you must meet the basic qualification in order to apply for the internship     minimum grade point average of 3 . 0    senior or recent college graduate    veterinary technician ,  pre - veterinary ,  biology ,  zoology ,  animal science ,  life science or related major    minimum of 6 months direct animal care experience at a veterinary clinic    demonstrated interest in aquatic medicine    computer proficiency with microsoft word and excel    public speaking experience preferred    ability to lift and carry 50 pounds     
 united rentals ,  the largest equipment rental company in the world ,  is offering an exciting opportunity for a sales representative ready to grow their career with the leader in the industry .  to continue our tremendous success and unparalleled growth ,  we are searching for qualified and ambitious individuals ready to increase revenue for the branch through exceptional customer service .  the sales representative will report to the branch manager and will be instrumental in achieving the branch business plan through profitable revenue generation .   responsibilities will include  • increase sales and branch revenue • establishing new rental and sales accounts through cold calling and personal visits to potential customer sites • offering a full range of products and services to new and current customers ,  including other specialty product lines and the sale or rental of equipment • coordinating with all branch departments to ensure customer satisfaction • educating customers about equipment through demonstration .   sales representatives receive a base salary ,  plus a monthly commission incentive plan with no earning ceiling and the use of a company vehicle .  we provide our sales representatives with the top sales technology tools ,  including saleforce . com and i - phone sales applications ,  giving them the resources to succeed .  united rentals invests in their employees through on - going training and development to enhance their skills and performance .  excellence in this challenging and rewarding position paves the way for advancement into the role of operations manager ,  branch manager ,  sales manager and other key account sales positions .      
  ? return to list job #  e030 posted date  september 17 ,  2013 closes on  september 24 ,  2013 job title  licensing intern status  temporary full time benefits eligible  no laboratory / department  office of technology development promotes and facilitates the transfer of technologies to the commercial sector so that the public can directly benefit from the creativity of our researchers .  position description   with supervision and guidance from the executive director and the licensing staff ,  the licensing intern will train in various aspects of technology transfer ,  including triage evaluation ,  patenting ,  and marketing to industry .  the intern may also have opportunities to observe and assist the executive director and the licensing staff in negotiating licenses and other types of contracts .  the intern will be exposed to a wide range of activities ,  and will have the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills and abilities .   the intern will be involved in handling biotechnology ,  biochemical and life science inventions ,  tangible research properties  ( e . g .  ,  unique cell lines and antibodies )  ,  and occasionally ,  copyrightable materials such as computer software .   under supervision by the executive director and the licensing staff ,  the intern will have the opportunity to train closely with faculty members and other scientific staff ,  patent attorneys ,  business executives ,  and members of the salk administration .  in a typical case ,  the intern may assist in the evaluation of patentability and commercial potential of an invention  assist in the patenting process  search for potential licensees  assist in determining the value of the technology  and observe or assist in contract negotiation and post - contract management .   the executive director and the licensing staff will provide ongoing instruction ,  support and training to the intern ,  allowing the intern to be exposed to a growing number of projects at increasing levels of complexity .   education   a ph . d .  candidate in biotechnology or pharmaceutical science  ( e . g .  ,  biochemistry ,  microbiology ,  genetics ,  pharmacology ,  molecular biology ,  cell biology ,  cancer biology ,  biophysics ,  plant biology )  ,  or another discipline related to a significant portion of the salk technology portfolio is required .   experience   a general awareness of academic technology transfer and its goals ,  and the nature of the day - to - day work of a licensing professional is required .   special requirements   candidate must be able to     regularly handle confidential information including proprietary technical information and information regarding contract terms and negotiating strategies .  this information has potential commercial value and its use requires professional discretion .  conflicts of interest should be avoided .  if not a salk employee ,  will need to sign a confidentiality agreement .    work at a location that is within close proximity to the salk institute ,  but not on the main campus .    satisfactorily complete the instituteâ€™s background investigation .    sign an employee confidentiality agreement .   physical requirements   position requires constant seeing ,  talking ,  hearing ,  handling ,  reading ,  writing ,  reasoning ,  analyzing ,  communicating ,  and working inside .      
 united rentals ,  the largest equipment rental company in the world ,  is offering an exciting opportunity for a sales representative ready to grow their career with the leader in the industry .  to continue our tremendous success and unparalleled growth ,  we are searching for qualified and ambitious individuals ready to increase revenue for the branch through exceptional customer service and sales initiative .  this position is dedicated to underground trench safety equipment rental and supply needs  customers include contractor companies ,  non - building ,  industrial and commercial building contractors .  the sales representative will report to the branch manager and will be instrumental in achieving the branch business plan through profitable revenue generation .   • increase sales and branch revenue • establishing new rental and sales accounts through cold calling and personal visits to potential customer sites • offering a full range of products and services to new and current customers ,  including other specialty product lines and the sale or rental of equipment • coordinating with all branch departments to ensure customer satisfaction • complete and maintain daily ,  weekly and monthly reports as assigned • educating customers about equipment through demonstration .  • instruct “competent person training” and “confined space training” classes  sales representatives receive a base salary ,  plus a monthly commission incentive plan with no earning ceiling and the use of a company vehicle .  we provide our sales representatives with the top sales technology tools ,  including saleforce . com and i - phone sales applications ,  giving them the resources to succeed .  united rentals invests in their employees through on - going training and development to enhance their skills and performance .  excellence in this challenging and rewarding position paves the way for advancement into the role of operations manager ,  branch manager ,  sales manager and other key account sales positions .      
 description job description the quality engineering intern will get hands - on experience with continuous improvement project management and a variety of compliance requirements associated with medical device manufacture at the bd site in broken bow ,  nebraska .  this position will be exposed to the design and maintenance of quality systems that meet and exceed iso and fda guidelines .  constant evolution of the healthcare industry provides the quality engineering intern with a great learning experience .  specifically ,  this position will participate in engineering tasks ,  such as process development and validation of new or upgraded equipment .  the individual fulfilling the role will perform statistical data analysis to assess machine capability .  the position will also be exposed to other types of studies ,  including measurement systems analysis .  about us becton dickinson  ( bd ?  )  is a medical technology company that serves healthcare institutions ,  life science researchers ,  clinical laboratories ,  industry and the general public .  bd manufactures and sells a broad range of medical supplies ,  devices ,  laboratory equipment and diagnostic products .  bd is headquartered in the united states and has offices in more than 50 countries worldwide .  bd’s first manufacturing facility outside of the company’s original location in new jersey was incepted in 1949 in columbus ,  nebraska .  the site was decided upon by company leadership and sons of its founders ,  henry becton and fairleigh dickinson ,  jr .  following consideration of sites in 30 states .  impressed by the work ethic of local residents ,  bd purchased a building and hired a staff of 15 to manufacture glass fever thermometers .  bd has since developed a strong relationship with the people of nebraska ,  expanding to more than 2 , 500 employees in four locations  broken bow ,  holdrege and two facilities in columbus .  the quality engineering intern position is located at the bd - broken bow ,  ne ,  facility ,  which opened in 1960 with 55 employees .  after 11 expansions ,  the 300 , 000 square foot facility employs approximately 400 associates .  bd - broken bow is the world s largest manufacturer of vacutainer ?  tubes ,  shipping products worldwide ,  utilizing world class manufacturing techniques ,  driven by a combination of the latest technology ,  innovation ,  and processes .  past interns have enjoyed the community of broken bow ,  participating in local softball and golf leagues ,  enjoying parks and recreation opportunities ,  as well as volunteering with local youth organizations .  qualifications qualifications  ?  a graduating high school senior enrolling or a student currently enrolled in accredited college or university .   ?  effective written and verbal communication skills .   ?  effective skills in analytical thinking and problem solving .   ?  ability to perform multiple tasks and ability to effectively manage conflict .   ?  ability to work in teams to obtain results ,  self motivated / directed ,  ability to organize activities with minimal supervision required .   ?  basic to intermediate proficiency in microsoft office and statistical programs  ( i . e .  minitab ,  excel )  .   ?  exposure to continuous improvement methodologies including lean ,  six sigma ,  and validation is beneficial .   ?  educational background in life sciences ,  math / statistics or engineering  ( biology ,  chemistry ,  microbiology ,  electrical ,  mechanical ,  software / computer science )  .      
 co - op  ( computer science - major )   are you looking to launch your information technology career ?  if so ,  then ups is the place for you !   ups is now recognized as a technology company spending more than $1 billion a year on information technology .  ups provides its customers unparalleled capability in tracking and distribution intelligence .  this technological infrastructure also enables ups to provide fully integrated web - enabled ,  business - to - business solutions .   ups information services ,  a leader in information technology ,  is currently seeking career - minded individuals to join our team .  if you are highly motivated with a degree in computer science or related discipline ,  then ups is a great place for you to start your career .   job description   this co - op will support programming ,  testing ,  and analysis duties and tasks .  he / she collaborates with team members to ensure effective communications and to support the achievement of objectives .  this student will assist with documentation  ( e . g .  requirements ,  test and defect data ,  variances ,  problem resolution ,  etc .  .  .  )  .  he / she will perform activities of lower complexity under close supervision .   this co - op will work primarily on the ivis application to learn and understand the application processes ,  as well as the business processes that support the operation .   primary skill  c#  . net  additional skills   sql language  -  beginner xml  -  beginner object oriented analysis & design  -  beginner c#  . net  -  beginner client server architecture  -  beginner  . net environment  -  beginner microsoft office  -  beginner  must be able to work 15 - 20 hours per week during school year and 32 - 40 during the summer .   education   the desired co - op  ( computer science  -  junior )  must be currently enrolled in a degreed college / university program pursuing a degree in computer science ,  mis ,  mathematics or related discipline .         currently pursuing a degree in a computer science related program .    completed any courses in object oriented analysis and design  ( ooad )  concepts .    completed any programming classes  ( like c# . net )  .    completed any courses using a relational database .          employer will not sponsor visas for position .   ups is an equal opportunity employer .      
 per county rules ,  this position is eligible for appointment at step 1 ,  $29 , 640 . 00 annually .  county employees are subject to the county promotion rule for step placement in accordance with comp ord 1 . 3 . 5 .   the county of san diego has a vacancy for laboratory assistant .  if you have laboratory education or experience ,  apply now .  .  .   the laboratory assistant performs a wide variety of laboratory support work in county laboratories .   current vacancies are at the forensic biology section of the crime laboratory and the public health laboratory .   all eligible candidates are encouraged to apply as this list may also be used for vacancies in other county of san diego departments .   as a laboratory assistant ,  you    perform work following laboratory safety practices   may perform animal autopsies and remove brain tissue from rabid animals   assist microbiologists ,  veterinary pathologists ,  plant pathologists or other laboratory personnel in varied laboratory functions   prepare lab test kits ,  culture media ,  stains and reagents   fill tubes and bottles with specified solutions and apply identification labels   set up ,  label ,  and file microscope slides used for testing   receive and prepare specimens for study and processing utilizing various methods and equipment   perform lab courier duties picking up specimens and delivering supplies   computer data entry and accessioning of sample data   will work with infectious agents and infectious materials   and perform related work as required  click here to review the laboratory assistant job description including examples of qualifying education and experience .   the ideal candidate will be attentive to details and a meticulous worker ,  communicate effectively ,  value and respect others and have a drive to excel .   experience in specimen accessioning and processing ,  specimen staining ,  preparing stock solutions and working with autoclaves ,  balances ,  centrifuges ,  ph meters and pipettes is highly desirable .   in return for your hard work ,  you will receive competitive compensation ,  benefits package and the pride of working for the employer of choice in san diego .   evaluation   the names of qualified candidates will be placed on a twelve  ( 12 )  month employment list based on scores received during the evaluation of information contained in their employment application and supplemental questionnaire .   please ensure all information is complete and accurate as the responses you provide on the supplemental application form will be reviewed using an automated evaluation system .   if you are successful in the initial screening process your application will be reviewed individually to confirm that the information you provided is accurate and qualifying .   reasonable accommodation may be made to enable an individual with qualified disabilities to perform the essential functions of a job ,  on a case - by - case basis .      
 this position will sort ,  receive and dispatch information and requests ,  by mail ,  phone ,  email ,  fax and other methods of communication within the computer science department and other university administrative units .  duties include  but are not limited to  workflow management ,  general correspondence ,  textbook ordering ,  grants proposals ,  faculty course outline management ,  student grade input ,  student registration management ,  invoice management ,  repair order maintenance ,  departmental meeting minute s management ,  and other duties assigned by the department head .       associates degree or higher in a related field of study .  previous administrative office experience .    in addition to the minimum qualifications ,  the preferred candidate will have excellent verbal and written communication skills and the proven ability to multi task in a fast paced environment with varied deadlines .  previous experience in a university setting and the ability to interact with a diverse group of people to include students ,  faculty ,  staff and the community .      
 per county rules ,  this position is eligible for appointment at step 1 ,  $29 , 640 . 00 annually .  county employees are subject to the county promotion rule for step placement in accordance with comp ord 1 . 3 . 5 .   the county of san diego has a vacancy for laboratory assistant .  if you have laboratory education or experience ,  apply now .  .  .   the laboratory assistant performs a wide variety of laboratory support work in county laboratories .   current vacancies are at the forensic biology section of the crime laboratory and the public health laboratory .   all eligible candidates are encouraged to apply as this list may also be used for vacancies in other county of san diego departments .   as a laboratory assistant ,  you    perform work following laboratory safety practices   may perform animal autopsies and remove brain tissue from rabid animals   assist microbiologists ,  veterinary pathologists ,  plant pathologists or other laboratory personnel in varied laboratory functions   prepare lab test kits ,  culture media ,  stains and reagents   fill tubes and bottles with specified solutions and apply identification labels   set up ,  label ,  and file microscope slides used for testing   receive and prepare specimens for study and processing utilizing various methods and equipment   perform lab courier duties picking up specimens and delivering supplies   computer data entry and accessioning of sample data   will work with infectious agents and infectious materials   and perform related work as required  click here   [ http  /  / agency . governmentjobs . com .  .  .  .   the ideal candidate will be attentive to details and a meticulous worker ,  communicate effectively ,  value and respect others and have a drive to excel .   experience in specimen accessioning and processing ,  specimen staining ,  preparing stock solutions and working with autoclaves ,  balances ,  centrifuges ,  ph meters and pipettes is highly desirable .   in return for your hard work ,  you will receive competitive compensation ,  benefits package and the pride of working for the employer of choice in san diego .   evaluation   the names of qualified candidates will be placed on a twelve  ( 12 )  month employment list based on scores received during the evaluation of information contained in their employment application and supplemental questionnaire .   please ensure all information is complete and accurate as the responses you provide on the supplemental application form will be reviewed using an automated evaluation system .   if you are successful in the initial screening process your application will be reviewed individually to confirm that the information you provided is accurate and qualifying .   reasonable accommodation may be made to enable an individual with qualified disabilities to perform the essential functions of a job ,  on a case - by - case basis .      
 as a computer science / engineering co - op for the systems engineering team with diebold ,  incorporated ,  you will have multiple opportunities to gain corporate experience by being involved in projects ,  staff meetings ,  and corporate events .  you will be trained on the appropriate tools ,  languages ,  and documentation required on a team with multiple engineering disciplines .  diebold will provide a great learning experience ,  and you will be invited to participate in events with other interns and co - ops .  your essential functions could include  working with systems engineering team members to setup and debug development or hardware related issues software development consisting of one or more project requiring development of software within a microsoft windows environment evaluating requirements ,  creating designs ,  coding ,  debugging / creating installation packages and documenting developed software web development depending on skill set and interest occasional electrical / hardware work qualifications  must be currently attending a college or university pursuing a computer science / engineering degree programming skills in a variety of languages preferred interest in hardware and software diebold ,  inc is an equal opportunity employer .      
   conduct food safety inspections / audits .    summarize and evaluate inspection / audit findings .    communicate findings / results of inspections / audits with client site management or appropriate client personnel .    collect food ,  product or environmental samples from client sites and ship samples to appropriate laboratories for testing .    develop effective work plans for the completion of assigned inspections / audits within a determined timeframe .    establish and maintain effective communication with headquarter based project managers as it relates to assigned clients .       required qualifications     bachelors degree in environmental health ,  food science ,  food technology ,  dietetics ,  nutrition or other related scientific area of study or two  ( 2 )  years of successful nsf food safety audit experience .    ability to work independently from remote location .    excellent communication skills  ( written and verbal )  .    willingness and ability to travel within the assigned territory .    willingness and ability to work some evenings and weekends .    experience with microsoft office suite ,  i . e .  word ,  excel ,  powerpoint ,  outlook ,  etc .    must have a valid drivers license and reliable transportation .   preferred qualifications     0 - 2 years of related work experience with food safety and quality .   candidates who meet all of the above required and preferred qualifications plus the following qualifications may be considered at the   food safety auditor   level   required qualifications  ( auditor level )      two  ( 2 )  years related work experience with food safety .   preferred qualifications  ( auditor level )      advanced degree in environmental health ,  related science or business .    experience with retail food safety inspections  /  audits .     a minimum of two  ( 2 )  years experience working in the public or private sector as a health sanitarian .  and / or experience of working within retail or catering businesses    work experience as a chemist ,  microbiologist ,  or related quality function .    professional registration .    foreign language skills  ( spanish ,  french or other languages )  .    conduct inspections and audits at assigned client locations and determine compliance with findings of inspections and audits .   this is a remote  ( home - based )  position with up to 75% regional travel required .  open to both michigan / indiana .    nsf international is an independent organization that certifies products and writes standards for food ,  water and consumer goods to minimize adverse health effects and protect the environment  ( www . nsf . org )  .  founded in 1944 ,  nsf is committed to protecting public health and safety worldwide .  nsf is a world health organization collaborating centre for food and water safety and indoor environment .    work environment     majority of work is performed in a retail food  ( restaurant ,  supermarket )  ,  food preparation environment ,  field ,  commercial or other non - office setting .    majority of time spent work independently from a remote location .   physical demands     required frequent travel by car or plane up to 70% of the time .    required to stand ,  or walk for long periods of time .    required to have a valid drivers license and operate a motor vehicle .    extensive use of computers and other electronic equipment .    moderate physical effort required  ( ability to carry equipment weighing 25 lbs or less )  .    ability to follow client and regulatory required safety practices .      
 required skills for cs / engineering co - ops / interns  ability to work as part of a small to large development team must have proficiency in at least one programming language  ( see program groups below for language preference by group )  must be able to work independently on research related tasking with limited supervision strong writing skills ability to identify challenges ? and work out ? solutions with a mentor number of available internship / co - op opportunities vary by group and available work preferred skills   ?  adaptive systems team  java ,  c / c++ ,  x86 architectures ,  and x86 assembly operating system internals boot procedures and file systems networking and protocol stack work as part of a large software development team  designing and building enterprise level software applications trusted computing team  c / c++ ,  x86 architectures ,  and x86 ? assembly virtualization operating systems internals  ( kernel programming )  comfortable with linux and windows development environments boot procedures and file systems networking fundamentals interactive systems c / c++ ,  x86 architectures ,  and x86 ? assembly virtualization operating systems internals  ( kernel programming )  comfortable with linux and windows development environments familiar with oracle ,  postgres ,  and lucene boot procedures and file systems networking fundamentals investigative systems a mindset grounded in the fundamentals of computer security solid understanding of networking fundamentals comfortable using ping ,  nmap ,  wireshark ,  and netcat hands - on software development experience hands - on experience with c or c++ hands - on experience with a scripting language such as python ,  perl ,  or ruby signals technology familiar with  ?  matlab signal processing labview automation systems engineering data collection and processing ida pro disassembly algorithm development digital / analog circuit design decision science and ? analytics familiar with  ?  intelligent data analysis automated data analysis owl ,  semantic web software analysis and characterization ontology creation knowledge flow services modeling and simulation malware analysis / characterization hadoop framework / distributed file system  ?  systems analysis and exploitation java ,  c / c++ ,  python knowledge and familiarity with open source and custom analysis tools understanding of virtualization / hypervisors knowledge of networking ,  enterprise ,  embedded ,  and legacy ? systems please ensure you select program area ( s )  and geographic location ( s )  that you are interested in on your application .   ?  qualifications and education requirements  ?  security clearance requirements  ?  must be a u . s .  citizen .  applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information .  pursuing bachelor s or master s ? degree in computer science ,  computer engineering ,  electrical engineering ,  or related discipline  ?  additional notes ais is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race ,  color ,  creed ,  religion ,  national origin ,  sex ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity and expression ,  age ,  disability ,  ? vietnam era or other eligible veteran status ,  or any other protected factor .  eeo / aa employer  ?   ?      
   conduct food safety inspections / audits .    summarize and evaluate inspection / audit findings .    communicate findings / results of inspections / audits with client site management or appropriate client personnel .    collect food ,  product or environmental samples from client sites and ship samples to appropriate laboratories for testing .    develop effective work plans for the completion of assigned inspections / audits within a determined timeframe .    establish and maintain effective communication with headquarter based project managers as it relates to assigned clients .       required qualifications     bachelors degree in environmental health ,  food science ,  food technology ,  dietetics ,  nutrition or other related scientific area of study or two  ( 2 )  years of successful nsf food safety audit experience .    ability to work independently from remote location .    excellent communication skills  ( written and verbal )  .    willingness and ability to travel within the assigned territory .    willingness and ability to work some evenings and weekends .    experience with microsoft office suite ,  i . e .  word ,  excel ,  powerpoint ,  outlook ,  etc .    must have a valid drivers license and reliable transportation .   preferred qualifications     0 - 2 years of related work experience with food safety and quality .   candidates who meet all of the above required and preferred qualifications plus the following qualifications may be considered at the   food safety auditor   level   required qualifications  ( auditor level )      two  ( 2 )  years related work experience with food safety .   preferred qualifications  ( auditor level )      advanced degree in environmental health ,  related science or business .    experience with retail food safety inspections  /  audits .     a minimum of two  ( 2 )  years experience working in the public or private sector as a health sanitarian .  and / or experience of working within retail or catering businesses    work experience as a chemist ,  microbiologist ,  or related quality function .    professional registration .    foreign language skills  ( spanish ,  french or other languages )  .    conduct inspections and audits at assigned client locations and determine compliance with findings of inspections and audits .   this is a remote  ( home - based )  position with up to 75% regional travel required in the los angeles area   nsf international is an independent organization that certifies products and writes standards for food ,  water and consumer goods to minimize adverse health effects and protect the environment  ( www . nsf . org )  .  founded in 1944 ,  nsf is committed to protecting public health and safety worldwide .  nsf is a world health organization collaborating centre for food and water safety and indoor environment .    work environment     majority of work is performed in a retail food  ( restaurant ,  supermarket )  ,  food preparation environment ,  field ,  commercial or other non - office setting .    majority of time spent work independently from a remote location .   physical demands     required frequent travel by car or plane up to 70% of the time .    required to stand ,  or walk for long periods of time .    required to have a valid drivers license and operate a motor vehicle .    extensive use of computers and other electronic equipment .    moderate physical effort required  ( ability to carry equipment weighing 25 lbs or less )  .    ability to follow client and regulatory required safety practices .      
 assistant will develop two ,  on - hour computer science - specific ,  hands - on activities and teach them as part of an after school science program in up to 10 local junior high schools .  one activity will be taught on a tuesday and the other activity will be presented on thursday of the same week at the same school .  the same two activities will then be taught at up to ten different junior high schools in the area during different weeks in the fall semester .  students must be available on tues and thurs from 3 00 - 5 00 p . m .  every week for 10 weeks during the fall semester .  the assistant will be paid for the hour of instruction as well as 1 / 2 hour before and 1 / 2 hour after each session .  the assistant will also be paid for 10 hours to develop and plan the activities as well as develop and administer pre -  and post -  activity assessments .       to apply complete the online application and attach a resume and cover letter .   wsu is an aa / eo employer .       experience working with groups of children .      
   conduct food safety inspections / audits .    summarize and evaluate inspection / audit findings .    communicate findings / results of inspections / audits with client site management or appropriate client personnel .    collect food ,  product or environmental samples from client sites and ship samples to appropriate laboratories for testing .    develop effective work plans for the completion of assigned inspections / audits within a determined timeframe .    establish and maintain effective communication with headquarter based project managers as it relates to assigned clients .       required qualifications     bachelors degree in environmental health ,  food science ,  food technology ,  dietetics ,  nutrition or other related scientific area of study or two  ( 2 )  years of successful nsf food safety audit experience .    ability to work independently from remote location .    excellent communication skills  ( written and verbal )  .    willingness and ability to travel within the assigned territory .    willingness and ability to work some evenings and weekends .    experience with microsoft office suite ,  i . e .  word ,  excel ,  powerpoint ,  outlook ,  etc .    must have a valid drivers license and reliable transportation .   preferred qualifications     0 - 2 years of related work experience with food safety and quality .   candidates who meet all of the above required and preferred qualifications plus the following qualifications may be considered at the   food safety auditor   level   required qualifications  ( auditor level )      two  ( 2 )  years related work experience with food safety .   preferred qualifications  ( auditor level )      advanced degree in environmental health ,  related science or business .    experience with retail food safety inspections  /  audits .     a minimum of two  ( 2 )  years experience working in the public or private sector as a health sanitarian .  and / or experience of working within retail or catering businesses    work experience as a chemist ,  microbiologist ,  or related quality function .    professional registration .    foreign language skills  ( spanish ,  french or other languages )  .    conduct inspections and audits at assigned client locations and determine compliance with findings of inspections and audits .   this is a remote  ( home - based )  position with up to 75% regional travel required   nsf international is an independent organization that certifies products and writes standards for food ,  water and consumer goods to minimize adverse health effects and protect the environment  ( www . nsf . org )  .  founded in 1944 ,  nsf is committed to protecting public health and safety worldwide .  nsf is a world health organization collaborating centre for food and water safety and indoor environment .    work environment     majority of work is performed in a retail food  ( restaurant ,  supermarket )  ,  food preparation environment ,  field ,  commercial or other non - office setting .    majority of time spent work independently from a remote location .   physical demands     required frequent travel by car or plane up to 70% of the time .    required to stand ,  or walk for long periods of time .    required to have a valid drivers license and operate a motor vehicle .    extensive use of computers and other electronic equipment .    moderate physical effort required  ( ability to carry equipment weighing 25 lbs or less )  .    ability to follow client and regulatory required safety practices .      
 moog inc .  is a worldwide designer ,  manufacturer ,  and integrator of precision control components and systems .  moog’s high - performance systems control military and commercial aircraft ,  satellites and space vehicles ,  launch vehicles ,  missiles ,  automated industrial machinery ,  wind energy ,  marine and medical equipment .   our aim is to make high performance products that are the best in the industry ,  admired by customers and envied by competitors .  this means delving into very complex problems and inventing solutions based around the very latest technology ,  always staying a few steps ahead of the game .  and if that means starting from scratch to make something that’s never existed before ,  then we’re pleased to accept the challenge – because delivering exceptional solutions to very specific needs is at the heart of what we offer to our customers . our east aurora ,  ny location is actively seeking engineering and computer science students for openings in our aircraft ,  industrial controls ,  space and defense and corporate groups for spring ,  summer and fall 2014 .   our co - op program is unique in that assignments are challenging and chosen purposefully to give you hands on experience light - years beyond what you will see in the classroom .   by working with moog for multiple blocks ,  you will try your hand in a couple of different areas to find out what you really enjoy .  a mentor is assigned to guide you through your experience and show you what it s like to function as an engineer .  if you re ready to start your career before you graduate ,  apply today !   minimum requirements include • enrollment in bachelor s or master s curriculum in mechanical ,  electrical ,  aerospace ,  software ,  computer engineering or computer science disciplines .  • multiple work blocks preferred • minimum 3 . 0 gpa • us citizenship or us permanent residency  you can do thiseoe / aa     
   conduct food safety inspections / audits .    summarize and evaluate inspection / audit findings .    communicate findings / results of inspections / audits with client site management or appropriate client personnel .    collect food ,  product or environmental samples from client sites and ship samples to appropriate laboratories for testing .    develop effective work plans for the completion of assigned inspections / audits within a determined timeframe .    establish and maintain effective communication with headquarter based project managers as it relates to assigned clients .       required qualifications     bachelors degree in environmental health ,  food science ,  food technology ,  dietetics ,  nutrition or other related scientific area of study or two  ( 2 )  years of successful nsf food safety audit experience .    ability to work independently from remote location .    excellent communication skills  ( written and verbal )  .    willingness and ability to travel within the assigned territory .    willingness and ability to work some evenings and weekends .    experience with microsoft office suite ,  i . e .  word ,  excel ,  powerpoint ,  outlook ,  etc .    must have a valid drivers license and reliable transportation .   preferred qualifications     0 - 2 years of related work experience with food safety and quality .   candidates who meet all of the above required and preferred qualifications plus the following qualifications may be considered at the   food safety auditor   level   required qualifications  ( auditor level )      two  ( 2 )  years related work experience with food safety .   preferred qualifications  ( auditor level )      advanced degree in environmental health ,  related science or business .    experience with retail food safety inspections  /  audits .     a minimum of two  ( 2 )  years experience working in the public or private sector as a health sanitarian .  and / or experience of working within retail or catering businesses    work experience as a chemist ,  microbiologist ,  or related quality function .    professional registration .    foreign language skills  ( spanish ,  french or other languages )  .    conduct inspections and audits at assigned client locations and determine compliance with findings of inspections and audits .   this is a remote  ( home - based )  position with up to 75% regional travel required   nsf international is an independent organization that certifies products and writes standards for food ,  water and consumer goods to minimize adverse health effects and protect the environment  ( www . nsf . org )  .  founded in 1944 ,  nsf is committed to protecting public health and safety worldwide .  nsf is a world health organization collaborating centre for food and water safety and indoor environment .    work environment     majority of work is performed in a retail food  ( restaurant ,  supermarket )  ,  food preparation environment ,  field ,  commercial or other non - office setting .    majority of time spent work independently from a remote location .   physical demands     required frequent travel by car or plane up to 70% of the time .    required to stand ,  or walk for long periods of time .    required to have a valid drivers license and operate a motor vehicle .    extensive use of computers and other electronic equipment .    moderate physical effort required  ( ability to carry equipment weighing 25 lbs or less )  .    ability to follow client and regulatory required safety practices .      
 ff venture capital  ( ffvc . com )  ,  an early - stage venture capital fund based in midtown manhattan ,  is seeking computer science / engineering interns .  this is an ideal position for a developer who is interested in learning more about venture capital and entrepreneurship / startups .  we are looking primarily for students who can commit to at least a minimum 30 in office hours / week .  your hours are flexible .  please do not apply if you do not meet our requirements below .  benefits you will have ownership of your own projects and manage these projects from start to finish during the course of your internship .  + interact and learn from venture capitalists ,  entrepreneurs ,  and others .  + interact and connect with great growing startups .  + get to know the new york startup community .  + class credit  ( if you have a professor who approves your participation ,  and / or if you can recycle this work for a class )  + significant creative input and flexibility .  + very positive references  ( if merited )  .  your responsibilities + work directly underneath our director of engineering ,  help build both internal and external products and tools .  requirements + comfortable     
 computer science & engineering co - op  location  york ,  ne ,  usa  job code  117315 - 02  note  this position is for the january 2014 through august 2014 term .  job responsibilities  support plant site initiatives ,  projects ,  and activities including user applications and database development ,  hardware interfacing and configuration ,  and related it support through   -  developing applications ,  databases and / or hardware communications  -  performing testing and troubleshooting  -  creating user and source documentation  -  conducting end - user training  -  aiding in the improvement of current it hardware / software systems  -  participating in cross - functional project teams  -  giving project presentations to management the co - op will complete several projects using an agile development methodology applied to the entire application life cycle .  in addition ,  the co - op will learn and be exposed to the theories and practices of successful integration of it systems  ( systems engineering )  into a manufacturing operations business .  this experience will allow the co - op to better understand the connections between business results ,  process robustness ,  problem solving ,  and user friendly it systems .   qualifications   -  enrolled in an engineering bachelor degree program .  preferred majors are computer science or computer engineering .   -  must be enrolled in an abet accredited engineering degree program at a 4 - year university  -  co - op must maintain full - time student status during the through enrollment in their university¿s co - op course  -  minimum of a 3 . 0 cumulative gpa required  -  completion of at least 30 credit hours required  -  prior internship or co - op experience preferred but not required  -  must be a u . s .  citizen or have legal permanent resident status  ( due to u . s .  government contract requirements )  .  targeted skills   -  microsoft visual studio or comparable  -  databases  ( sql )   -  object oriented programming  -  microsoft office  -  strong written and verbal communication skills  -  strong personal organization and project management ability  -  ability to think creatively and logically to develop innovative solutions  -  ability to work in team and individual settings ,  willingness to take on a challenge ,  and ability to learn quickly and interface with all layers of an organization .   united technologies corporation is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .  united technologies corporation is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 fill out online application through www . nscorp . com  click on job seekers   co - op / interns program   search jobs click on the coop / intern intermodal systems position and apply  ( there may be multiple pages of positions )  .  email mike kale michael . kale@nscorp . com when online application has been completed and attach a copy of co - op requirements  our co - op program requires an individual be a full - time college student ,  have a formal arrangement with their academic institution ,  and be able to alternate full - time work and school semesters .  the student may alternate between work and study for two or more terms .  description  co - op will support the information needs of the intermodal operations and marketing departments in norfolk ,  va .  this will include developing and supporting databases ,  queries ,  reports ,  spreadsheets and presentations in response to user requests  researching programmed solutions and developing appropriate technical documentation  providing administrative and maintenance support for end - user query tools  assisting with software and equipment inventory  coordinating user support with pc / lan group .  skills  co - op must be proficient in microsoft windows and microsoft office professional applications .  familiarity or strong desire to learn about relational database concepts ,  sql ,  and variety of query and report tools are preferred .  personable manner and strong written and oral communication skills are welcome .  student should be self - disciplined ,  detail - oriented ,  and committed to delivery of quality products and services .  prefer  business ,  information technology ,  computer science ,  or computer engineering candidates with at least a 2 . 8 / 4 . 0 gpa overall  3 . 0 / 4 . 0 in major .  hours  monday through friday  8 00 am to 5 00 pm all co - ops will be paid according to the following  class standing monthly salary freshman sophomore junior senior graduate $2 , 375 $2 , 667 $2 , 875 $3 , 125 $3 , 500 in addition to the monthly salary ,  a monthly relocation stipend of $750 and a mileage reimbursement for the initial and final relocation trips will be paid at a rate of $ . 50 per mile to all students who will be working at an ns location that is more than 50 miles from where the student attends school .  work location va - norfolk     
 about huntsman   huntsman is a global manufacturer and marketer of differentiated chemicals .  its operating companies manufacture products for a variety of global industries ,  including chemicals ,  plastics ,  automotive ,  aviation ,  textiles ,  footwear ,  paints and coatings ,  construction ,  technology ,  agriculture ,  health care ,  detergent ,  personal care ,  furniture ,  appliances and packaging .  originally known for pioneering innovations in packaging and ,  later ,  for rapid and integrated growth in petrochemicals ,  huntsman today has more than 12 , 000 employees and operates from multiple locations worldwide .  for more information about huntsman ,  please visit the company s website at www . huntsman . com .   huntsman has an immediate opening for a computer science – intern in the performance products division located in port neches ,  tx .   key responsibilities of the position include but are not limited to the following   our summer intern program is tailored to individuals who are currently enrolled full - time students at an accredited ,  four - year college or university .   the internships run from may to august – dependent on the school calendar .   the goal of the huntsman intern program is to provide a structured program that will equip interns with the skills and experience to help prepare for a successful career .   after initial orientation ,  intern will be assigned to the manufacturing excellence process information group to work with other manufacturing excellence team members .  intern will create or assist in the creation of end - user tools such as web pages ,  and  . net applications which interface with various production databases ,  develop sql queries ,  reports ,  and automated excel spreadsheets .  in addition ,  the intern will also be responsible for monitoring and maintaining system backups ,  system patching ,  and assist in any server upgrades .   educational and work experience requirements  ·         full time college student at the junior or senior level by the end of the spring 2014 semester .   ·         must be currently enrolled at an accredited university seeking a bachelor degree in computer science .   ·         must be a authorized to work in the u . s .   ·         ability to perform computer science duties which may include  web design ,  application programming ,  sql database work ,  and assist other employees as needed .   ·         able to research and analyze information of considerable difficulty and draw valid conclusions .   ·         ability to communicate effectively ,  both orally and in writing  benefits   the successful candidate will be eligible to participate in a comprehensive benefits package ,  to include   wages commensurate with experience ,  excellent health and dental plans ,  life insurance and pension plan .   please complete your application on - line by clicking the apply now button .   we look forward to hearing from you .   huntsman is an equal opportunity employer      third party resumes not accepted         
altair s enterprise business system  ( ebs )  team is currently seeking talented and motivated individuals for the position of computer science intern .  it will be your primary responsibility to assist senior software engineers in creating mission critical applications for all altair departments .    pursuing bachelor degree in computer science or related field   programming skills & database knowledge   knowledge in different operating systems   sound analytical and problem solving skills   self motivated with proven success in creative web development    
 as part of the it internship program this paid internship will provide students enrolled in an accredited computer science program the opportunity to work in a real - world ,  high - tech environment .  teams operate a variety of systems ,  from traditional office applications ,  to sophisticated security systems ,  networking ,  web ,  and other technologies .  the teams are fast - paced ,  and would afford the right candidate a unique opportunity to be exposed to a variety of technologies .    please note  we will not be conducting on - site interviews until february 2014 .        
 college intern  requires the basic knowledge of theories & principles associated with the field of management information systems or computer science .  knowledge of and experience with client / server technology ,  networking ,  user management ,  and databases are preferred .   posting period  12 / 31 / 1969  -   04 / 23 / 2014 position type  allied health / general support services department  sj surg craniofacial facility  paterson schedule  part time work shift  day     
 technology internship program as a microsoft gold partner we take full advantage of a number of microsoft technologies including sql server ,  c# and asp . net  but we are always open to exploring different technologies .  oeconnection associates utilize these technologies to deliver and support sophisticated ,  web - based applications .  time frame  january  -  august hours  full - time and part - time hours are available  must be able to work a minimum of 20 hours during normal business hours monday  -  friday qualifications   junior /  senior standing in computer science or related technology program minimum gpa   3 . 0 software engineer intern learn and understand the principles o web application development in a highly - available and scalable environment troubleshoot and sustain existing products in production participate in application specification ,  desgn ,  and implementation of new enhancements / products contact us   careers@oeconnection . com more information   http  /  / www . oeconnection . com .  .  .      
 • bs ,  ms ,  or phd in electrical engineering ,  computer engineering ,  or computer science  ( computer engineering and computer science candidates must have some experience with hardware )   /  • graduation date of fall 2014 or later • programming background  ( any language )  • strong fundamental electronics and analytical skills • excellent written and verbal communication skills • sponsorship not offered for this opportunity  preferences   • working knowledge of c  /  c++ maxim is an eeo / aa employer  /  maxim is an eeo / aa employer     
 i want to and can do that !     write server - side code for data collection ,  search and indexing using python .     analyse operational data  ( servers ,  network ,  etc )  from a security perspective to determine trends ,  outliers ,  and anomalies .      2+ years of university level computer science education    currently a student    experience in enterprise it technologies  ( network ,  storage ,  systems ,  architecture )  .     working knowledge of developing and debugging python .     experience with linux and windows server operating systems .    experience with log aggregation / siem tools a plus education  got it !     currently pursuing bachelors in computer science ,  engineering ,  or a related field     
 the mathematical sciences and statistics department is seeking applicants for its student employee pool .  direction is from a faculty member .  requires attention to detail and timeliness in manner .  will work under general or intermittent supervision .  minimum time commitment is 5 hours per week  maximum is 15 - 20 hours per week .    must be able to interact with students in a positive manner .  must be able to complete routine tasks with general or minimal supervision .  must be willing to work a flexible schedule ,  including nights and weekends .  must be completely dependable and able to work independently after training .  duties will be varied and some independent judgment required .  minimum time commitment is 5 hours a week  maximum is 20 .    please electronically attach the following documents   1 )  resume 2 )  cover letter 3 )  three references  if you do not have a resume ,  you may download the resume templates on the   attach documents   page .   please indicate in your cover letter the type of employment you are applying for  ( ex  grader ,  tutor ,  lab assistant ,  temporary admin work )  .      
 surgical physician assistant needed .  surgical physician assistant for a cardiovascular surgery and vein clinic in greeley ,  co .  this position will work in the or and must have experience with first and second assist in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery ,  icu and cvcu patient experience  ( both pre and post op )  ,  as well as experience in endovascular vein harvesting .  this position is responsible for providing and coordinating medical ,  surgical and other specialty care to patients under the auspices of a supervising physician or the supervising physicians agent in various settings .  this position will provide patient assessments through patient exams ,  patient medical history ,  interpretation of required diagnostic procedures ,  and developing / implementing treatment and management plans ,  and provide teaching activities to residents all under the supervising physician or supervising physicians agent .  essential functions  delivers medical care services to patients in various settings in collaboration with the supervising physician or supervising physician agent .  completes procedures under the guidance ,  supervision ,  and discretion of the supervising physician and displays competencies required by licensure ,  scope of practice ,  credentialing ,  pertinent statutes ,  regulations and organizational policy .  this includes  obtaining history  performing physical examinations  writing orders  performing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures  administering intravenous medication  formulating a diagnostic impression  developing and implementing a treatment plan  monitoring the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions  assessing physiologic and psychological responsiveness  offering counseling and education to meet patient needs .  plans daily schedule to maximize efficiency of physician and assistant resources .  makes routine visits to facilities or other assigned locations on schedule agreed upon with attending physician ,  and makes acute nursing home ,  hospice ,  hospital or clinic visits as directed ,  and under the appropriate rules and regulations of the facilities where these visits occur .  assumes first call for patient care during work day ,  if instructed by supervising physician with clear parameters regarding scope of care .  coordinates specialist ,  hospital ,  rehab ,  wound care ,  labs and tests ,  and / or other patient care and patient management issues .  may provide medical treatment for work - related injuries and fitness to work assessments .  may provide medical surveillance examinations within hazardous workplace .  may provide substance abuse counseling and medical treatment within the scope of practice of the specialty of psychiatry or other recognized specialties .  establishes and maintains effective relationships with patients and families ,  key decision makers ,  facility and department staff ,  and collaborating physicians .  may provide medical education of residents during patient rounds in multiple settings  ( ex .  nursing home ,  hospice )  ,  and teaching sessions as scheduled .  coordinates joint teaching sessions for residents with participating physicians and pharmacologists as necessary .  skills and certifications  pa licensure .  dea certification .  acls .  bls .  description of the ideal candidate  graduated from accredited pa program .  current / valid co licensure .  dea certification .  acls and bls to start .  1 year minimum experience in or including endovascular vein harvesting .  first and second assist experience in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery icu and cvcu patient experience  ( pre and post op )  .  post op care of patients in the clinic setting .  this is a high level position so potential candidate must meet all specified requirements to be eligible for consideration .  no sponsorship or visa transfers ,  no 3rd party vendor referrals ,  and no foreign based resumes will be accepted at this time .  immediate need and incredible pay offered for exceptional candidates .  feel free to reach me directly until 9pm .   ?  julie a .  grey 203 / 537 - 6412 jgrey@tggstaffing . com http  /  / www . tggstaffing . com  ?      
 • teach a variety of mathematics and mathematics education courses ,  including methods courses for middle or secondary education majors • contribute to all aspects of the department s mathematics education program • become actively engaged with k - 12 schools ,  professional organizations ,  or other education related endeavors at the regional ,  state ,  or national level • maintain a productive program of scholarly activity • contribute to departmental ,  college and student activities      • ph . d .  awarded  ( or documentation of satisfactory completion of the requirements for the degree )  in mathematics education  ( to include degrees such as curriculum & instruction with an emphasis in mathematics )  by july ,  2014   • demonstrated potential for successful college teaching • mathematics teaching experience at the elementary ,  middle or secondary school level • evidence of an active research and scholarly agenda • effective oral and written communication skills the applicant should demonstrate a knowledge of and interest in diverse cultures and populations .       application deadline  open until filled  review begins 10 / 18 / 2013  application materials  in addition to completing the online application ,  please attach the following to your application  1 )  a cover letter addressing how you meet the responsibilities and qualifications  2 )  resume / cv  3 )  transcripts  ( undergraduate and graduate )   and 4 )  three letters of reference .  if you have questions regarding your application ,  please contact lori mikl ,  affirmative action officer ,  winona state university at lmikl@winona . edu or  ( 507 )  457 - 2766 .   appointment date  august 18 ,  2014  rank  assistant / associate professor  salary  commensurate w /  experience  type of appointment  probationary  ( 9 month appointment )   position available pending budgetary approval .   note  employment for this position is covered by the collective bargaining agreement between the inter faculty organization  ( ifo )  and the minnesota state colleges and universities board of trustees which can be found at  http  /  / www . hr . mnscu . edu .  .  .   notice  1 .  in accordance with the minnesota state colleges & universities  ( mnscu )  vehicle fleet safety program ,  employees driving on college / university business ,  whether using a personal ,  rental or state vehicle ,  shall be required to conform to mnscu s vehicle use criteria and consent to a motor vehicle records check .  2 .  persons writing letters of reference should be advised of minnesota s open record law which can make such letters available to applicants upon request .   a member of the minnesota state colleges and universities system .  an equal opportunity educator and employer .  women ,  minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply .      
 physician  s assistant  ( pa )  surgical  -  cardiac ,  thoracic ,  & vascular location denver ,  colorado job #2838686 date posted  09 - 10 - 2013 apply now send to friend this position is responsible for providing and coordinating medical ,  surgical and other specialty care to patients under the auspices of a supervising physician or the supervising physician’s agent in various settings .  this position will provide patient assessments through patient exams ,  patient medical history ,  interpretation of required diagnostic procedures ,  and developing / implementing treatment and management plans ,  and provide teaching activities to residents all under the supervising physician or supervising physician’s agent .  essential functions   delivers medical care services to patients in various settings in collaboration with the supervising physician or supervising physician agent .    completes procedures under the guidance ,  supervision ,  and discretion of the supervising physician and displays competencies required by licensure ,  scope of practice ,  credentialing ,  pertinent statutes ,  regulations and organizational policy .  this includes  obtaining history  performing physical examinations  writing orders  performing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures  administering intravenous medication  formulating a diagnostic impression  developing and implementing a treatment plan  monitoring the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions  assessing physiologic and psychological responsiveness  offering counseling and education to meet patient needs .    plans daily schedule to maximize efficiency of physician and assistant resources .    makes routine visits to facilities or other assigned locations on schedule agreed upon with attending physician ,  and makes acute nursing home ,  hospice ,  hospital or clinic visits as directed ,  and under the appropriate rules and regulations of the facilities where these visits occur .    assumes first call for patient care during work day ,  if instructed by supervising physician with clear parameters regarding scope of care .    coordinates specialist ,  hospital ,  rehab ,  wound care ,  labs and tests ,  and / or other patient care and patient management issues .    may provide medical treatment for work - related injuries and fitness to work assessments .    may provide medical surveillance examinations within hazardous workplace .    may provide substance abuse counseling and medical treatment within the scope of practice of the specialty of psychiatry or other recognized specialties .    establishes and maintains effective relationships with patients and families ,  key decision - makers ,  facility and department staff ,  and collaborating physicians .    may provide medical education of residents during patient rounds in multiple settings  ( ex .  nursing home ,  hospice )  ,  and teaching sessions as scheduled .  coordinates joint teaching sessions for residents with participating physicians and pharmacologists as necessary .      
 mathematics outreach undergraduate lecturer  uva s school of continuing and professional studies seeks applicants to fill non - tenure track part - time lecturer positions in psed 4001 teaching mathematics through inquiry and psed teaching mathematics through inquiry  numbers and operations and psed 4003 teaching mathematics through inquiry  primary mathematics beginning fall 2013 at the stafford county school board office ,  stafford ,  virginia .  scps employs academic faculty who have applicable content expertise at the appropriate level ,  and who provide evidence of recent and / or current professional experience which applies to students  achieving the goals and learning outcomes of the program .  effective experience in addressing the professional interests of adult learners is highly desirable .   subject area needs include ,  but are not limited to  mathematics education .  qualifications  a master s degree with 18 graduate hours in the content area is required for noncredit and undergraduate - level instruction  a relevant terminal degree is preferred .  a terminal degree is required for graduate level instruction .  must be endorsed as a k - 8 virginia mathematics specialist or be eligible for the endorsement .  experience as a k - 8 mathematics specialist preferred .   the university will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment .  note  this is an at - will faculty wage position which does not carry benefits .  all hires are made as part - time appointments .   to apply ,  visit https  /  / jobs . virginia . edu and search posting 0612735 ,  complete a candidate profile and attach a cover letter  ( including extraordinary qualifications if desired )   your cv or resume  unofficial transcripts for masters  and ,  three letters of recommendation  ( download each recommendation letter under   other 1 , 2 , 3   as listed in jobs@ )  .  the completion and submission of all requested documents is required for consideration .  this position will be open until filled .  questions regarding this position should be directed to  scpshr@virginia . edu  the university of virginia is an affirmative action .  .  .  .       the university of virginia may require criminal history background check as a condition of employment .    university human resources strives to identify applicants who will contribute as high potential employees ,  leaders and managers .  we employ individuals who foster and promote the university mission and purpose .  successful candidates exemplify uncommon integrity  they are honest ,  trusted ,  team - oriented and live the core values of the university .  these candidates display great judgment ,  by practicing evidence - based decision - making .  they are strategically focused by contributing to and achieving department goals and vision .  they set high performance standards and hold themselves accountable by aggressively executing these standards .  these employees also develop a deep passion for the university and the impact it has on students ,  faculty ,  alumni and community .  successful candidates identify their personal career goals and development opportunities .  they contribute to team success by leading talent through individual efforts .      
 pa physician assistant needed .  surgical physician assistant for a cardiovascular surgery and vein clinic in greeley ,  co .  this position will work in the or and must have experience with first and second assist in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery ,  icu and cvcu patient experience  ( both pre and post op )  ,  as well as experience in endovascular vein harvesting .  this position is responsible for providing and coordinating medical ,  surgical and other specialty care to patients under the auspices of a supervising physician or the supervising physicians agent in various settings .  this position will provide patient assessments through patient exams ,  patient medical history ,  interpretation of required diagnostic procedures ,  and developing / implementing treatment and management plans ,  and provide teaching activities to residents all under the supervising physician or supervising physicians agent .  essential functions  delivers medical care services to patients in various settings in collaboration with the supervising physician or supervising physician agent .  completes procedures under the guidance ,  supervision ,  and discretion of the supervising physician and displays competencies required by licensure ,  scope of practice ,  credentialing ,  pertinent statutes ,  regulations and organizational policy .  this includes  obtaining history  performing physical examinations  writing orders  performing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures  administering intravenous medication  formulating a diagnostic impression  developing and implementing a treatment plan  monitoring the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions  assessing physiologic and psychological responsiveness  offering counseling and education to meet patient needs .  plans daily schedule to maximize efficiency of physician and assistant resources .  makes routine visits to facilities or other assigned locations on schedule agreed upon with attending physician ,  and makes acute nursing home ,  hospice ,  hospital or clinic visits as directed ,  and under the appropriate rules and regulations of the facilities where these visits occur .  assumes first call for patient care during work day ,  if instructed by supervising physician with clear parameters regarding scope of care .  coordinates specialist ,  hospital ,  rehab ,  wound care ,  labs and tests ,  and / or other patient care and patient management issues .  may provide medical treatment for work - related injuries and fitness to work assessments .  may provide medical surveillance examinations within hazardous workplace .  may provide substance abuse counseling and medical treatment within the scope of practice of the specialty of psychiatry or other recognized specialties .  establishes and maintains effective relationships with patients and families ,  key decision makers ,  facility and department staff ,  and collaborating physicians .  may provide medical education of residents during patient rounds in multiple settings  ( ex .  nursing home ,  hospice )  ,  and teaching sessions as scheduled .  coordinates joint teaching sessions for residents with participating physicians and pharmacologists as necessary .  skills and certifications  pa licensure .  dea certification .  acls .  bls .  description of the ideal candidate  graduated from accredited pa program .  current / valid co licensure .  dea certification .  acls and bls to start .  1 year minimum experience in or including endovascular vein harvesting .  first and second assist experience in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery icu and cvcu patient experience  ( pre and post op )  .  post op care of patients in the clinic setting .  this is a high level position so potential candidate must meet all specified requirements to be eligible for consideration .  no sponsorship or visa transfers ,  no 3rd party vendor referrals ,  and no foreign based resumes will be accepted at this time .  immediate need and incredible pay offered for exceptional candidates .  feel free to reach me directly until 9pm .   ?  julie a .  grey 203 / 537 - 6412 jgrey@tggstaffing . com http  /  / www . tggstaffing . com  ?      
 the product assistant provides direct ,  day - to - day support to product teams within his / her market space .  this person will provide a wide variety of services to multiple product managers as a means to optimize the performance of the product management and development effort and ,  thereby ,  help achieve its business goals .   essential duties and responsibilities  1 .  provides general administrative support .  examples of these support services include ,  but are not limited to ,  correspondence ,  meeting management ,  travel planning ,  and more .  2 .  assists the team in coordinating market research efforts such as reviews ,  focus groups ,  webinars ,  etc .  3 .  under the direction of the product manager develops some “b” and “c” level titles and delivers them to the production editor in a form ready for publication .  4 .  assists with preparation and distribution of author contracts ,  portfolio plans ,  product proposals ,  manuscript ,  and other documents pertaining to product management functions ,  assuring accuracy and working efficiently for each deliverable .  5 .  prepares check requisitions for payment / reimbursement to reviewers ,  authors and others .   maintains appropriate database records and follows up as necessary .  processes invoices as needed .  6 .  executes market research as needed ,  summarizing competitive products as necessary for several product lines .  7 .  prepares and processes all purchase orders .  8 .  orders sample product using magellan .  9 .  maintains filing and records management systems and other office procedures pertaining market research ,  product information ,  manuscript file ,  author / reviewer prospect file ,  and customer feedback .  10 .  utilizes crm to verify instructor information ,  product information ,  request materials ,  and to find users of products .  11 .  performs other duties as assigned or as judgment or necessity dictates .  12 .  supports the director assistant on creation of isbn’s as needed .  13 .  prepares all documents needed and distribute to participants for meetings across the assigned product teams including psr’s ,  plan checks ,  production launches ,  digital roadmapping ,  etc .   knowledge ,  skills and experience  basic     bachelor degree   proficiency in computer applications such as ,  word processing ,  spreadsheets ,  presentation tools ,  and database .    excellent grammar ,  punctuation ,  spelling ,  and organization skills are necessary .    strong orientation to detail work and follow - through .    must be able to work flexibly ,  effectively ,  efficiently and use good people / communication skills in a fast - paced environment .   must be able to work well in a team environment and be able to demonstrate excellent time management and organization skills .   preferred     prior administrative experience     
 pa physician assistant needed .  surgical physician assistant for a cardiovascular surgery and vein clinic in greeley ,  co .  this position will work in the or and must have experience with first and second assist in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery ,  icu and cvcu patient experience  ( both pre and post op )  ,  as well as experience in endovascular vein harvesting .  this position is responsible for providing and coordinating medical ,  surgical and other specialty care to patients under the auspices of a supervising physician or the supervising physicians agent in various settings .  this position will provide patient assessments through patient exams ,  patient medical history ,  interpretation of required diagnostic procedures ,  and developing / implementing treatment and management plans ,  and provide teaching activities to residents all under the supervising physician or supervising physicians agent .  essential functions  delivers medical care services to patients in various settings in collaboration with the supervising physician or supervising physician agent .  completes procedures under the guidance ,  supervision ,  and discretion of the supervising physician and displays competencies required by licensure ,  scope of practice ,  credentialing ,  pertinent statutes ,  regulations and organizational policy .  this includes  obtaining history  performing physical examinations  writing orders  performing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures  administering intravenous medication  formulating a diagnostic impression  developing and implementing a treatment plan  monitoring the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions  assessing physiologic and psychological responsiveness  offering counseling and education to meet patient needs .  plans daily schedule to maximize efficiency of physician and assistant resources .  makes routine visits to facilities or other assigned locations on schedule agreed upon with attending physician ,  and makes acute nursing home ,  hospice ,  hospital or clinic visits as directed ,  and under the appropriate rules and regulations of the facilities where these visits occur .  assumes first call for patient care during work day ,  if instructed by supervising physician with clear parameters regarding scope of care .  coordinates specialist ,  hospital ,  rehab ,  wound care ,  labs and tests ,  and / or other patient care and patient management issues .  may provide medical treatment for work - related injuries and fitness to work assessments .  may provide medical surveillance examinations within hazardous workplace .  may provide substance abuse counseling and medical treatment within the scope of practice of the specialty of psychiatry or other recognized specialties .  establishes and maintains effective relationships with patients and families ,  key decision makers ,  facility and department staff ,  and collaborating physicians .  may provide medical education of residents during patient rounds in multiple settings  ( ex .  nursing home ,  hospice )  ,  and teaching sessions as scheduled .  coordinates joint teaching sessions for residents with participating physicians and pharmacologists as necessary .  skills and certifications  pa licensure .  dea certification .  acls .  bls .  description of the ideal candidate  graduated from accredited pa program .  current / valid co licensure .  dea certification .  acls and bls to start .  1 year minimum experience in or including endovascular vein harvesting .  first and second assist experience in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery icu and cvcu patient experience  ( pre and post op )  .  post op care of patients in the clinic setting .  this is a high level position so potential candidate must meet all specified requirements to be eligible for consideration .  no sponsorship or visa transfers ,  no 3rd party vendor referrals ,  and no foreign based resumes will be accepted at this time .  immediate need and incredible pay offered for exceptional candidates .  feel free to reach me directly until 9pm .   ?  julie a .  grey 203 / 537 - 6412 jgrey@tggstaffing . com http  /  / www . tggstaffing . com  ?      
 this position provides technical and executive level support to the division of languages ,  mathematics ,  and sciences and to the dean .   the administrative assistant to the dean of languages ,  mathematics and sciences will provide support to include addressing immediate and daily needs of students ,  faculty and staff ,  running reports ,  keying in and making adjustments to the schedule ,  maintaining files related to full - time and part - time faculty ,  preparing adjunct faculty contracts ,  assisting with travel - related documents ,  coordinating fiscal functions and communication with the division ,  and general division correspondence .       extensive working knowledge of executive administrative assistant functions in a higher education academic environment .  knowledge of and ability to use a variety of pc - based software ,  especially microsoft office suite ,  including advanced features of e - mail ,  word processing ,  presentation ,  spreadsheet ,  database ,  and communication packages .  ability to create and manage files ,  physical or electronic .  knowledge of internet search techniques .  ability to work independently ,  anticipate and meet deadlines under pressure ,  critically think and respond to changing priorities in a fast - paced office environment .  ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing with a diverse public ,  including the ability to correctly draft correspondence .  ability to diffuse intense situations and document interactions accordingly .  ability to work with detailed and sensitive information ,  and maintain confidentiality .  ability to interpret and apply policies and procedures as they relate to assigned job functions .  knowledge of effective customer service ,  supervision ,  and project management techniques .  knowledge of bookkeeping principles .  skills in researching and resolving questions and issues ,  as well as sound decision - making skills as they relate to academic services .  ability to plan ,  develop ,  and coordinate office and college activities .  knowledge of appropriate methods of ordering ,  organizing ,  and maintaining office supply inventory .  ability to provide general office management as well as hire ,  train ,  schedule ,  manage ,  and evaluate part - time staff and student workers .    associate degree in administrative support technology ,  business ,  or equivalent combination of education ,  training ,  and experience that provides the requisite knowledge ,  skills ,  and experience .  microsoft office specialist  ( mos )  or certified administrative professional  ( cap )  .  knowledge of state regulations related to travel and expense reports .  knowledge of a student information system .  knowledge of an electronic procurement system and purchasing .      
 surgical physician assistant needed .  surgical physician assistant for a cardiovascular surgery and vein clinic in greeley ,  co .  this position will work in the or and must have experience with first and second assist in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery ,  icu and cvcu patient experience  ( both pre and post op )  ,  as well as experience in endovascular vein harvesting .  this position is responsible for providing and coordinating medical ,  surgical and other specialty care to patients under the auspices of a supervising physician or the supervising physicians agent in various settings .  this position will provide patient assessments through patient exams ,  patient medical history ,  interpretation of required diagnostic procedures ,  and developing / implementing treatment and management plans ,  and provide teaching activities to residents all under the supervising physician or supervising physicians agent .  essential functions  delivers medical care services to patients in various settings in collaboration with the supervising physician or supervising physician agent .  completes procedures under the guidance ,  supervision ,  and discretion of the supervising physician and displays competencies required by licensure ,  scope of practice ,  credentialing ,  pertinent statutes ,  regulations and organizational policy .  this includes  obtaining history  performing physical examinations  writing orders  performing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures  administering intravenous medication  formulating a diagnostic impression  developing and implementing a treatment plan  monitoring the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions  assessing physiologic and psychological responsiveness  offering counseling and education to meet patient needs .  plans daily schedule to maximize efficiency of physician and assistant resources .  makes routine visits to facilities or other assigned locations on schedule agreed upon with attending physician ,  and makes acute nursing home ,  hospice ,  hospital or clinic visits as directed ,  and under the appropriate rules and regulations of the facilities where these visits occur .  assumes first call for patient care during work day ,  if instructed by supervising physician with clear parameters regarding scope of care .  coordinates specialist ,  hospital ,  rehab ,  wound care ,  labs and tests ,  and / or other patient care and patient management issues .  may provide medical treatment for work - related injuries and fitness to work assessments .  may provide medical surveillance examinations within hazardous workplace .  may provide substance abuse counseling and medical treatment within the scope of practice of the specialty of psychiatry or other recognized specialties .  establishes and maintains effective relationships with patients and families ,  key decision makers ,  facility and department staff ,  and collaborating physicians .  may provide medical education of residents during patient rounds in multiple settings  ( ex .  nursing home ,  hospice )  ,  and teaching sessions as scheduled .  coordinates joint teaching sessions for residents with participating physicians and pharmacologists as necessary .  skills and certifications  pa licensure .  dea certification .  acls .  bls .  description of the ideal candidate  graduated from accredited pa program .  current / valid co licensure .  dea certification .  acls and bls to start .  1 year minimum experience in or including endovascular vein harvesting .  first and second assist experience in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery icu and cvcu patient experience  ( pre and post op )  .  post op care of patients in the clinic setting .  this is a high level position so potential candidate must meet all specified requirements to be eligible for consideration .  no sponsorship or visa transfers ,  no 3rd party vendor referrals ,  and no foreign based resumes will be accepted at this time .  immediate need and incredible pay offered for exceptional candidates .  feel free to reach me directly until 9pm .   ?  julie a .  grey 203 / 537 - 6412 jgrey@tggstaffing . com http  /  / www . tggstaffing . com  ?      
 job summary   instructs and facilitates meaningful learning of the course competencies in the curriculum and proactively supports all facets of the learning environment ,  as demonstrated by university prescribed assessments .  provides education through learning - centered instruction that will enable graduates to fulfill the evolving needs of the marketplace .  encourages a culture of learning that values mutual responsibility and respect ,  life - long learning and ethics as well as personal and professional development .   key job elements     delivers learning - centered instruction   conducts assessments of student and program learning outcomes   mentors students in their academic and professional careers   participates in scholarly and professional activities   contributes service to the profession and the community   serves on program ,  campus ,  college ,  and university - wide committees and projects  reports to  campus president ,  vice president of academic affairs ,  and program chair  job requirements   knowledge     terminal degree in the discipline and five years related experience .    license or professional credential in relevant discipline   communication skills - clearly conveys information and ideas to others  demonstrates active listening skills   credibility - acts in accordance with stated values  follows through on commitments  uses ethical considerations to guide values   interpersonal effectiveness - achieves results through people  sets goals that are acceptable and motivates people to reach them  handles conflict in a constructive manner .    judgment / critical analysis - makes sound decisions based on analysis ,  knowledge ,  and experience  readily understands complex issues  develops solutions that effectively address problems .    student and college focused - makes students and colleagues and their needs a primary focus  creates and / or implements student - focused processes or procedures   professionalism - participates in all activities in a collegial ,  ethical and responsible manner .  appropriately ,  constructively ,  and productively interacts with students ,  other faculty ,  administration and staff .  serves as a role model and representative of argosy university  skills     demonstrates effective customer service ,  personnel and project management skills .    experience with computerized administrative systems .  proficient with the use of standard office applications on personal computers .    excellent communication skills ,  both verbal and written .    strong interpersonal skills with student and staff populations .   abilities     ability to read ,  analyze ,  and interpret academic journals ,  academic reports ,  and legal documents .    ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers ,  regulatory agencies ,  or members of the business community .  ability to write speeches and articles for publication that conform to prescribed style and format .    ability to effectively present information to faculty ,  academic and campus leaders ,  public groups ,  and boards of directors .    ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists .  ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written ,  oral ,  diagram ,  or schedule form .    the individual must be able to travel nationally on a periodic basis for a variety of meetings .   we are proud to be an eeo employer .  we maintain a drug - free workplace and perform pre - employment substance abuse testing as well as conducting a background check .  thank you for applying today .   work environment & notice  work environment the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job .  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions .  the term   qualified individual with a disability   means an individual with a disability who ,  with or without reasonable accommodation ,  can perform the essential functions of the position .  while performing the duties of this job ,  the employee is regularly required to communicate professionally in person ,  over the telephone ,  through email and other electronic means ,  move about the office or school ,  handle various types of media and equipment ,  and visually or otherwise identify ,  observe and assess .  the employee is occasionally required to lift up to 10 pounds unless otherwise specified in the job description .   notice the intent of this job description is to provide a representative and level of the types of duties and responsibilities that will be required of positions given this title and shall not be construed as a declaration of the total of the specific duties and responsibilities of any particular position .  employees may be directed to perform job - related tasks other than those specifically presented in this description .  education management corporation is an equal opportunity employer and embraces diversity as a critical step in ensuring employee ,  student and graduate success .  we are committed to building and developing a diverse environment where a variety of ideas ,  cultures and perspectives can thrive .      
 pa physician assistant needed .  surgical physician assistant for a cardiovascular surgery and vein clinic in greeley ,  co .  this position will work in the or and must have experience with first and second assist in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery ,  icu and cvcu patient experience  ( both pre and post op )  ,  as well as experience in endovascular vein harvesting .  this position is responsible for providing and coordinating medical ,  surgical and other specialty care to patients under the auspices of a supervising physician or the supervising physicians agent in various settings .  this position will provide patient assessments through patient exams ,  patient medical history ,  interpretation of required diagnostic procedures ,  and developing / implementing treatment and management plans ,  and provide teaching activities to residents all under the supervising physician or supervising physicians agent .  essential functions  delivers medical care services to patients in various settings in collaboration with the supervising physician or supervising physician agent .  completes procedures under the guidance ,  supervision ,  and discretion of the supervising physician and displays competencies required by licensure ,  scope of practice ,  credentialing ,  pertinent statutes ,  regulations and organizational policy .  this includes  obtaining history  performing physical examinations  writing orders  performing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures  administering intravenous medication  formulating a diagnostic impression  developing and implementing a treatment plan  monitoring the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions  assessing physiologic and psychological responsiveness  offering counseling and education to meet patient needs .  plans daily schedule to maximize efficiency of physician and assistant resources .  makes routine visits to facilities or other assigned locations on schedule agreed upon with attending physician ,  and makes acute nursing home ,  hospice ,  hospital or clinic visits as directed ,  and under the appropriate rules and regulations of the facilities where these visits occur .  assumes first call for patient care during work day ,  if instructed by supervising physician with clear parameters regarding scope of care .  coordinates specialist ,  hospital ,  rehab ,  wound care ,  labs and tests ,  and / or other patient care and patient management issues .  may provide medical treatment for work - related injuries and fitness to work assessments .  may provide medical surveillance examinations within hazardous workplace .  may provide substance abuse counseling and medical treatment within the scope of practice of the specialty of psychiatry or other recognized specialties .  establishes and maintains effective relationships with patients and families ,  key decision makers ,  facility and department staff ,  and collaborating physicians .  may provide medical education of residents during patient rounds in multiple settings  ( ex .  nursing home ,  hospice )  ,  and teaching sessions as scheduled .  coordinates joint teaching sessions for residents with participating physicians and pharmacologists as necessary .  skills and certifications  pa licensure .  dea certification .  acls .  bls .  description of the ideal candidate  graduated from accredited pa program .  current / valid co licensure .  dea certification .  acls and bls to start .  1 year minimum experience in or including endovascular vein harvesting .  first and second assist experience in cardiac ,  thoracic ,  and vascular surgery icu and cvcu patient experience  ( pre and post op )  .  post op care of patients in the clinic setting .  this is a high level position so potential candidate must meet all specified requirements to be eligible for consideration .  no sponsorship or visa transfers ,  no 3rd party vendor referrals ,  and no foreign based resumes will be accepted at this time .  immediate need and incredible pay offered for exceptional candidates .  feel free to reach me directly until 9pm .   ?  julie a .  grey 203 / 537 - 6412 jgrey@tggstaffing . com http  /  / www . tggstaffing . com  ?      
 job title  mathematics assistant .  recruit gaap staffing is searching for a full time mathematics assistant for a company located in lakewood ,  co .  industry environment  education .  with a local work environment described as  small and growing local company .  location  lakewood ,  co 80228 .  salary  $14 / hour .  job code  rg3956 .  the right candidate will be able to successfully perform the primary roles and responsibilities of  tutoring students in mathematics ,  grade student homework ,  assist math department in other tasks .  recruit gaap is searching for the right candidate who is proficient with the following skills ,  work experience or abilities  interpersonal communication ,  multi - tasking ,  mathematical analysis .  if a starting salary of up to $14 per hour ,  great company benefits ,  and the described work environment appeals to you ,  then please consider applying for job code  rg3956 .      
 sales representative  ( math & science )   -  long beach & orange county job id   2013 - 20214 # of positions  1 posted date  9 / 11 / 2013 job location  us - ca - long beach position type  regular full time category  sales overview pearson has one defining goal  to help people progress in their lives through learning .  we champion innovation and we invest in models for education that deliver on our promise for effective ,  accessible ,  and personal learning from early literacy ,  college and career readiness to professional education ,  through data informed instruction and inventive applications for mobile and digital learning .  pearson ,  the world s leading learning company ,  has global - reach and market leading businesses in education ,  business ,  and consumer publishing and is listed on the london and new york stock exchanges  ( uk  pson  nyse  pso )  .  for more information ,  visit www . pearson . com .  pearson is an equal opportunity employer m / f / v / d ,  and a member of e - verify .  please upload a cover letter saved as   cover letter for job 20214 .    resumes submitted without accompanying cover letters will not be considered .  responsibilities pearson education is the leader in publishing for the higher education market .  we have an excellent opportunity available for a college publishing sales representative to begin an exciting career in the dynamic world of educational publishing covering accounts accross the following areas  long beach and orange county ,  ca .  at pearson ,  sales representatives work on local college campuses developing relations with faculty members and bookstore personnel selling educational resources including print and online assessment materials .  in addition ,  our sales representatives also communicate closely with our marketing and editorial teams in developing new projects for publishing in national and local markets as well as driving sales of all existing products .  we are looking for talented salespeople to engage our customers and help us to continue to grow the business ,  connecting professors in the territory with our products .  specifically ,  the disciplines that our sales reps focus on include math and science .  what this opportunity offers  we offer an excellent compensation / benefits package including full medical / dental / vision coverage and a sales incentive benefits package including a competitive salary  ( $40k - 65k based on experience )  and bonus plan ,  company car ,  expenses and an opportunity to grow with the industry leader .  most importantly ,  this job offers you the opportunity to manage a territory like it’s your own business .  you’ll learn aspects of marketing ,  retail ,  customer development and the business cycle and be directly compensated for your success .  interested applicants who are organized ,  competitive and ambitious should email their cover letter and resume .  please visit www . pearson . com to learn more about this amazing company and its products for the higher education market .  qualifications successful candidates for the position should demonstrate   -  academic excellence  including a ba / bs  -  evidence of top achievement in several aspects of your educational ,  extracurricular or professional background  -  1 - 4 yrs successful sales or other professional work experience helpful ,  but not mandatory  -  motivation  the drive to achieve beyond what is expected daily  -  technological proficiency in regards to being able to present and demonstrate software programs  -  excellent time management ,  organizational skills ,  and interpersonal communication .   -  valid driver s license & good driving record  -  comfortable with travel  /  road warrior     
 analytics intern  are you looking to launch your information technology career ?  if so ,  then ups is the place for you !   ups is now recognized as a technology company with trucks and is poised for success .  spending more than $1 billion a year on information technology ,  ups provides its customers unparalleled capability in tracking and distribution intelligence .  this technological infrastructure also enables ups to provide fully integrated web - enabled ,  business - to - business solutions .   ups information services ,  a leader in information technology ,  is currently seeking career - minded individuals to join our team .  if you are highly motivated with a degree in computer science or related discipline ,  then ups is a great place for you to start your career .   job description   the analytics intern will be working in a team setting and will be assisting in preparing reports and materials for the following     monthly defect metric   project plan to actual   change control analysis   training materials creation   ad - hoc analysis special project .   the intern will work with ups practice project management office  ( pmo )  and will need to have demonstrated the following skills     data gathering and analysis   ms office suite    word  ( advanced   excel  ( advanced )    powerpoint ( intermediate )    access  ( desired )     sharepoint  ( desired knowledge of sharepoint administration )    analysis skills and ability to communicate verbally and in writing   proven ability to execute milestone deliverables   report status of work product   ability to present data and findings to others   exhibit excellent data gathering and analysis skills   ability to communicate well verbally and in writing   proficiency with powerpoint and sharepoint .   other skills  proficient in following a work plan and executing to milestone deliverables .   the viable candidate must be able to work 32 - 40 hours per week june – october 2012 .   education   the desired intern must be currently enrolled in a degreed college / university program pursuing a degree in computer science ,  mis ,  mathematics or a related discipline .         u . s .  citizen or national of the u . s .  ,  an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence ,  or an alien authorized to work in the u . s .  for this employer   student currently enrolled in a degreed college / university program   able to work 32 - 40 hours per week   graduating may 2014 or later         employer will not sponsor visas for position .   ups is an equal opportunity employer .      
 flight and control subsystem engineer to develop and manage requirements ,  design control and autonomy algorithms ,  perform spacecraft orbital and rigid - body dynamics analysis ,  design telemetry and command systems ,  support mixed simulation testing for embedded flight software ,  and develop spacecraft operating procedures .  potential assignments will include system engineering ,  attitude control unit engineering ,  software interface and requirements management ,  space vehicle autonomy algorithm development ,  mission operations ,  dynamics and controls analysis ,  and requirements validation .       adaptability / flexibility  the ability to show resilience in response to constraints ,  frustrations and / or adversity .  ability to adjust priorities to multiple demands and unanticipated events as well as adjust decisions and actions to new information .  ability to be flexible in response to changing circumstances or conditions ,  be receptive to feedback and coaching ,  and be resilient after failures or disappointments .   competencies communication  listens effectively  demonstrates understanding  clarifies meaning for others  speaks with clarity and precision  able to communicate with a diverse audience  writes clearly and concisely .   competencies dependability  the ability and willingness to take ownership of work activities and ensure they are completed accurately ,  efficiently ,  and in a timely manner .  this also includes being reliable ,  trusted ,  and accountable for completing work activities .   competencies initiative  the ability and willingness to take independent action .  this includes moving quickly and directly to complete the task at hand and not waiting to be instructed to complete the job activities .  also includes the willingness to seek out additional assignments or tasks .   competencies people working together  effectively participates in accomplishing team goals  encourages learning from one another  creates group cohesion  gives and seeks specific ,  constructive feedback  works effectively with other work groups  values the contribution of people from diverse backgrounds  involves others in decisions that affect them .   competencies problem solving / judgment  gathers ,  examines ,  and interprets information to generate solutions to problems and make decisions  generates alternate approaches when needed  demonstrates awareness of likely consequences or implications of judgments .  generates and implements new and useful ideas  ideas reflect thinking outside the box  explores alternatives  takes risks and tries new approaches .   competencies technical  advanced math & system modeling ,  guidance ,  navigation & control  ( gnc )  design and integration ,  navigation and control analysis ,  simulation and modeling .  knowledge of space systems engineering ,  feedback control system theory ,  and / or spacecraft dynamics .  excellent analytical skills .   basic qualifications for consideration  are you currently enrolled at a college or university in an engineering related program ?          candidates must clearly state engineering / science major ,  month / year of graduation and grade point average  ( gpa )  on their resume .  prefer a junior or senior pursuing a degree in electrical ,  aerospace ,  computer science ,  physics ,  math or mechanical engineering ,  with a minimum gpa of 3 . 5 .      
 we are a team of engineers ,  data scientists and product management professionals with a mission to optimize the allocation of inventory across the ecommerce fulfillment network and help improve speed of delivery and reduce operational cost .   we are building decision models to help stock inventory closest to the customer while ensuring no operational constraints are violated .  the size and nature of our business makes this a very huge and complicated problem for which we need to utilize mathematical optimizations  -  combination of lp / mip models ,  meta - heuristics and machine learning techniques .  the impact is measured tens of millions of dollars in cost savings and faster deliveries to customers .  our business stakeholders – the network strategy and optimization team – collaborates with us in the fast paced and highly iterative development environment and provide the feedback needed to build a valuable product .   as an intern you will not only work on the most challenging problems in computer science and operations research but will also have an unparalleled opportunity to impact the lives of over one billion walmart customers .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .       apply         apply     
  candidates cannot begin an assignment without successful drug & background clearances   this is a 1 year contract assignment  primary duties include the following    performs different conjugation processes accurately and independently having a complete understanding of the techniques ,  theories and background involved .    must be able to learn and perform standard and custom protein conjugation methods independently while having a solid understanding of the techniques and background involved in making the conjugate .    technical expectations set by learning and performing duties with minimal supervision on  o equipment operation  multichannel pipet ,  spectrophotometer ,  fluorometer ,  peristaltic pump ,  fraction collector ,  waterbath ,  o column chromatography  ion exchange column ,  sec column chromatrography ,  ultrafiltra general knowledge of biochemistry ,  protein chemistry or other related discipline .   hands on experience in basic bioconjugation reactions  ( maleimide / thiol ,  etc .  )  and purification techniques is required .   familiarity with operation of routine laboratory instruments and applicable software as described above .   effective oral and written communication skills ,  interpersonal skills .   proven analytical and problem solving skills .   demonstrated ability to follow established policies and procedures .   effective organization and planning skills to ensure on time delivery .   demonstrated ability to maintain neat ,  accurate and complete batch records .  education   bachelor s degree in a biological science discipline  minimum 1 year of relevant experience with prior experience in protein conjugation  to apply email resume to katie . lee@onboardusa . com ,  reference job #17551     
 we are a team of engineers ,  data scientists and product management professionals with a mission to optimize the allocation of inventory across the ecommerce fulfillment network and help improve speed of delivery and reduce operational cost .   we are building decision models to help stock inventory closest to the customer while ensuring no operational constraints are violated .  the size and nature of our business makes this a very huge and complicated problem for which we need to utilize mathematical optimizations  -  combination of lp / mip models ,  meta - heuristics and machine learning techniques .  the impact is measured tens of millions of dollars in cost savings and faster deliveries to customers .  our business stakeholders – the network strategy and optimization team – collaborates with us in the fast paced and highly iterative development environment and provide the feedback needed to build a valuable product .   as an intern you will not only work on the most challenging problems in computer science and operations research but will also have an unparalleled opportunity to impact the lives of over one billion walmart customers .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .       who are we looking for ?  smart students who are out to change the world !   -  ms / phd in operations research / statistics / computer science or another highly quantitative discipline .   -  familiarity with optimization algorithms for network flow problems and linear programming .  knowledge in integer programming techniques a plus .   -  good knowledge in statistical and machine learning techniques ,  such as regression ,  clustering ,  and classification .   -  hands on experience in r or python and the machine learning and scientific computing packages associated them .   -  programming experience in one of the languages such as python / ruby / perl / shell / c / java  -  working knowledge of relational databases and sql .          apply     
 ge is an equal opportunity employer ,  offering a great work environment ,  challenging career opportunities ,  professional training and competitive compensation . the human resources representative will provide direction and assistance to work group in order to meet assigned objectives .  in this role you will work within defined parameters to make decisions and apply concepts to issues of moderate complexity ,  and resolve issues through immediate action or short - term planning .    in addition you will provide human resources support to management and employees to ensure consistent application and integration of policies ,  procedures ,  and practices provide support for the development of annual reviews ,  job design ,  staffing ,  compensation ,  and organizational change effectiveness support leaders on human resource issues including  policies ,  procedures ,  practices ,  staffing ,  and organization provide support on change initiatives including  planning and facilitating provide support for the development and execution of a communication plan to ensure effective two - way communication takes place assure that appropriate training opportunities are in place investigate and provide advice and council regarding concerns about policies ,  procedures ,  practices ,  or contractual issues work with leaders and employees to establish and maintain a positive work environment assist in developing sources of qualified candidates ,  screening ,  testing and selection of applicants be responsible for driving ofccp compliance ,  including  coordination of eeo1 and aap reporting provide support to key hr processes such as e - hr dashboard ,  annual hr review  ( session c )  ,  compensation planning ,  communication ,  and performance management   bachelor s degree from an accredited college or university  ( or a high school diploma  /  ged with a minimum of 4 years of experience in a human resources position )    experience in a human resources position knowledge of labor law and human resource practices strong organizational skills strong oral and written communication skills strong interpersonal and leadership skills proven facilitation ability why join one great company when you can join many ?  we are more than 280 , 000 people with jobs that range from biochemist to finance specialist to wind energy engineer .  we’re passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies .  we’re diverse ,  supporting our communities in more than 140 countries .  experience personal growth and competency development as part of the ge team .  around the world ,  we are helping build the healthcare ,  transportation and aviation of the new century . at ge aviation ,  we are imagination at work .  whether we’re manufacturing components for our genx engines or driving innovation in fuel and noise reduction ,  the ge aviation teams are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into advances in aviation that solve some of the world’s toughest problems .  join us and you’ll find yourself in a dynamic environment where our ongoing ,  substantial investment in research and development keeps us moving forward and looking ahead .  here you’ll work collaboratively and across functions with the highest caliber talent ,  utilizing cutting - edge technology and processes .  whether it’s the next generation of ecomagination products or the future of aircraft engines ,  we’ve got the state - of - the - art resources to make those innovations a reality .  if you’re passionate about aviation and looking for a career rich with challenges and unlimited opportunities for growth and advancement ,  then join ge in reengineering the sky through aviation innovations that will impact the globe for generations to come .  to stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from ge amstc ,  aviation ,  energy management ,  oil & gas ,  power & water and transportation ,  follow us on twitter  @geconnections   ge looks for innovation everywhere .  for 130 years ,  ge has been at the forefront of innovation ,  but finding solutions to the world s biggest problems has never been more important than right now .  join us today and become an essential part of the solution !  not just imagining .  doing .  ge works .  start your career on the right path .  join our results - oriented team at ge aviation today !      
 we are a team of engineers ,  data scientists and product management professionals with a mission to optimize the allocation of inventory across the ecommerce fulfillment network and help improve speed of delivery and reduce operational cost .   we are building decision models to help stock inventory closest to the customer while ensuring no operational constraints are violated .  the size and nature of our business makes this a very huge and complicated problem for which we need to utilize mathematical optimizations  -  combination of lp / mip models ,  meta - heuristics and machine learning techniques .  the impact is measured tens of millions of dollars in cost savings and faster deliveries to customers .  our business stakeholders – the network strategy and optimization team – collaborates with us in the fast paced and highly iterative development environment and provide the feedback needed to build a valuable product .   as an intern you will not only work on the most challenging problems in computer science and operations research but will also have an unparalleled opportunity to impact the lives of over one billion walmart customers .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .   the intern program your intern experience will far beyond your specific assignment .  through the intern executive speaker series ,  tech talks and work - team activities you will be able to gain a greater knowledge of the company as well as the industry .  you will also have the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development offers ranging from brand knowledge to agile training .   finally and most importantly…being an intern @walmart labs is fun !  whether you are playing a pickup basketball or ping pong game ,  going to the san francisco giants games ,  or taking an intern - only catamaran cruise around the san francisco ,  there is always something going on .  with the san francisco bay area as your playground the opportunities both inside and outside of work are endless !   this is a summer 2014 position .       apply         apply     
 ge is an equal opportunity employer ,  offering a great work environment ,  challenging career opportunities ,  professional training and competitive compensation . this role will provide direction and assistance to work group in order to meet assigned objectives .  in this role you will work within defined parameters to make decisions and apply concepts to issues of moderate complexity ,  and resolve issues through immediate action or short - term planning .    in addition ,  you will provide human resources support to management and employees to ensure consistent application and integration of policies ,  procedures and practices provide support for the development of annual reviews ,  job design ,  staffing ,  compensation and organizational change effectiveness support leaders on human resource issues  including policies ,  procedures ,  practices ,  staffing and organization provide support on change initiatives including planning ,  facilitating ,  etc .  provide support for the development and execution of a communication plan to ensure effective two - way communication takes place ensure that appropriate training opportunities are in place investigate and provide advice and council regarding concerns about policies ,  procedures ,  practices or contractual issues work with leaders and employees to establish and maintain a positive work environment assist in developing sources of qualified candidates ,  screening ,  testing and selection of applicants be responsible for driving ofccp compliance ,  including coordination of eeo1 and aap reporting provide support to key hr processes such as e - hr dashboard ,  annual hr review  ( session c )  ,  compensation planning ,  communication ,  and performance management   bachelor s degree from an accredited college or university  ( or a high school diploma  /  ged with minimum 4 years of experience in a human resources position )    additional experience in a human resources position knowledge of labor law and human resource practices strong organizational skills strong oral and written communication skills strong interpersonal and leadership skills proven facilitation ability why join one great company when you can join many ?  we are more than 280 , 000 people with jobs that range from biochemist to finance specialist to wind energy engineer .  we’re passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies .  we’re diverse ,  supporting our communities in more than 140 countries .  experience personal growth and competency development as part of the ge team .  around the world ,  we are helping build the healthcare ,  transportation and aviation of the new century . at ge aviation ,  we are imagination at work .  whether we’re manufacturing components for our genx engines or driving innovation in fuel and noise reduction ,  the ge aviation teams are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into advances in aviation that solve some of the world’s toughest problems .  join us and you’ll find yourself in a dynamic environment where our ongoing ,  substantial investment in research and development keeps us moving forward and looking ahead .  here you’ll work collaboratively and across functions with the highest caliber talent ,  utilizing cutting - edge technology and processes .  whether it’s the next generation of ecomagination products or the future of aircraft engines ,  we’ve got the state - of - the - art resources to make those innovations a reality .  if you’re passionate about aviation and looking for a career rich with challenges and unlimited opportunities for growth and advancement ,  then join ge in reengineering the sky through aviation innovations that will impact the globe for generations to come .  please note  cincinnati ,  oh and boston ,  ma are the preferred locations ,  however other u . s .  locations may be considered .  to stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from ge amstc ,  aviation ,  energy management ,  oil & gas ,  power & water and transportation ,  follow us on twitter  @geconnections   ge works on things that matter .  the best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges .  finding solutions in energy ,  health and home ,  transportation and finance .  building ,  powering ,  moving and curing the world .  not just imagining .  doing .  ge works .  start your career on the right path .  join our results - oriented team at ge aviation today !      
 performs drug distribution ,  i . v .  admixture preparation ,  and recordkeeping tasks under the supervision of a licensed pharmacist   knowledge of medical terminology needed .  good computer and math skills required     
 ge is an equal opportunity employer ,  offering a great work environment ,  challenging career opportunities ,  professional training and competitive compensation . the field service representative  ( fsr )  performs b . o . o .   ( build ,  own ,  and operate )  field operation and maintenance of filtration ,  softening ,  de - oxygenation ,  reverse osmosis ,  uv ,  electro deionization ,  demineralization and other customized water purification equipment and applications .  in this role of field service representative ,  you will    utilize the proper procedures and equipment when handling chemicals  ( examples of chemicals handled  hcl ,  naoh ,  h2so4 ,  n2h4 ,  al2  ( so4 )  3 ,  o3 ,  etc .  )  consult with customer management and technical counterparts including communications with other fsrs ,  field managers ,  environmental health and safety ,  sales ,  engineering ,  logistics ,  outside contractors and plant operators regarding equipment and operations regularly perform water analysis and collect samples for preparation ,  labeling and shipment to designated laboratory for analysis perform daily testing that may include ntu ,  hardness ,  chlorine ,  ph ,  co2 ,  o2 ,  sdi ,  toc ,  na ,  conductivity ,  silica ,  in addition to various other site - specific testing requirements conduct preventative maintenance and calibrate equipment per established process monitor equipment performance and operation transfer data to microsoft spreadsheets ,  make trending graphs ,  calculate equipment run length and throughput ,  interpret data and make necessary adjustments ,  notify appropriate personnel when changes are made ,  upload information into a common libraries ,  etc .  maintain monthly reports  ( charts  /  graphs )  ,  monthly safety audits ,  daily and / or weekly reports ,  write work procedures ,  job safety analysis ,  maintenance  /  repair schedules maintain inventory of spare parts and adequate supply of chemicals and replacement parts  ( must have the ability to track usage ,  anticipate peek needs and balance inventory levels including inventory reconciliation and reordering )  ensure compliance of volume and quality per the customer’s contract specifications work with plc controls ,  understands water process treatment design ,  and repairs pumps ,  instruments and control panels be able to read and understand process flow diagram  ( pfds )  and piping and instrumentation drawing  ( p&ids )  participate in on - site project management  ( start - up and commissioning )  ,  troubleshooting ,  clean in place ,  pvc repair ,  cut  /  glue up to ,  but not limited to 6   pvc ,  valve change outs ,  backwashing ,  air scrubbing ,  sluicing ,  chemical drum  /  tote change outs ,  filter bag and cartridge filter replacements ,  ro membrane replacements ,  basic electrical troubleshooting ,  etc .    high school diploma  /  ged  /  home school certification or international equivalent to high school diploma with a minimum minimum of 2 years of work experience in the water industry or in a related discipline  ( and / or a minimum of 4 years of training  college ,  military ,  vocational  /  technical school ) eligibility requirements  ability and willingness to travel up to 30% of the time as required ability and willingness frequent lifting and perform manual work as required ability and willingness to be on call ,  with 24 / 7 immediate response 365 days / year as required possess a valid driver s license and clean driving record ability to gain access and maintain access to a nuclear power facility   proficiency in the microsoft office suite  ( power point ,  word ,  excel )  and ability to learn company and site specific computer applications minimum of 2 years field service experience – in water or related field college or technical  /  trade school degree in engineering  /  technical field and  /  or equivalent work experience in the industry has familiarity with water treatment processes and applications has strong communication  ( written and oral )  has strong interpersonal skills is customer focused  customer service and results oriented has strong analytical skills and business acumen is a team player takes initiativewhy join one great company when you can join many ?  we are more than 280 , 000 people with jobs that range from biochemist to finance specialist to wind energy engineer .  we’re passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies .  we’re diverse ,  supporting our communities in more than 140 countries .  experience personal growth and competency development as part of the ge team . ge energy is one of the world s leading suppliers of power generation and energy delivery technologies in all areas of the energy industry including coal ,  oil ,  natural gas and nuclear energy as well as with renewable resources such as water ,  wind ,  solar and alternative fuels . www . ge - energy . complease note  maryland is the preferred location ,  however other u . s .  locations may be considered . to stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from ge amstc ,  aviation ,  oil & gas ,  power & water and transportation ,  follow us on twitter  @geconnections   ge works on things that matter .  the best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges .  finding solutions in energy ,  health and home ,  transportation and finance .  building ,  powering ,  moving and curing the world .  not just imagining .  doing .  ge works .      
 ge is an equal opportunity employer ,  offering a great work environment ,  challenging career opportunities ,  professional training and competitive compensation . the auburn plant administrative assistant will be responsible for defined work or projects with moderate complexity .  in this role ,  you will follow an individual work plan ,  meet day - to - day short - term objectives ,  and resolve issues through immediate action or short - term planning .  you will also be involved in outside of plant - wide administrative functions and will have payroll administration responsibilities .    in addition ,  you will provide office leadership and administrative support for the auburn site act as payroll administrative ,  responsible for leading payroll & kronos system for site ,  including working with ge payroll to ensure timely  /  accurate payroll for site & supporting employees payroll issues  /  questions provide assistance in answering general phone calls ,  directing calls to the appropriate person  /  department & updating phone system as needed act as the auburn host to visitors  -  greet them ,  provide assistance & information on logistics of stay perform wide variety of administrative support activities ,  which require the handling of business - sensitive and confidential information demonstrate responsibility for the auburn office mail develop presentations ,  agendas ,  correspondence  ( emails )  and memoranda for a variety of internal and external populations using the microsoft toolkit be responsible for the establishment of meeting and agenda priorities ,  travel schedules and staff meetings within a very dynamic and ever - changing environment work with external & internal customers on meeting agendas and events planning supervise purchase of office administrative supplies assist with interviews ,  recommend for hire ,  and train new administrative personnel   bachelor s degree from an accredited college or university  ( or a high school diploma  /  ged with a minimum of 4 additional years of experience in an administrative field )  minimum of 1 year administrative support experience   strong computer  /  pc experience with microsoft office applications  ( excel ,  powerpoint ,  word ,  outlook )  ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality strong oral and written communication skills prior experience with kronos or other payroll systems previous experience in manufacturing environment proven ability to communicate and work effectively within a matrix organization self - motivated individual with proven ability to handle multiple tasks strong interpersonal skills ability to work with minimal supervision organized & maintains records in a well - organized manner excellent attendance & punctuality history business acumen & ability to meet budgetary requirements why join one great company when you can join many ?  we are more than 280 , 000 people with jobs that range from biochemist to finance specialist to wind energy engineer .  we’re passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies .  we’re diverse ,  supporting our communities in more than 140 countries .  experience personal growth and competency development as part of the ge team .  around the world ,  we are helping build the healthcare ,  transportation and aviation of the new century . at ge aviation ,  we are imagination at work .  whether we’re manufacturing components for our genx engines or driving innovation in fuel and noise reduction ,  the ge aviation teams are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into advances in aviation that solve some of the world’s toughest problems .  join us and you’ll find yourself in a dynamic environment where our ongoing ,  substantial investment in research and development keeps us moving forward and looking ahead .  here you’ll work collaboratively and across functions with the highest caliber talent ,  utilizing cutting - edge technology and processes .  whether it’s the next generation of ecomagination products or the future of aircraft engines ,  we’ve got the state - of - the - art resources to make those innovations a reality .  if you’re passionate about aviation and looking for a career rich with challenges and unlimited opportunities for growth and advancement ,  then join ge in reengineering the sky through aviation innovations that will impact the globe for generations to come .  please note  strong candidate identified  qualified candidates are encouraged to post .  to stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from ge amstc ,  aviation ,  energy management ,  oil & gas ,  power & water and transportation ,  follow us on twitter  @geconnections   ge works on things that matter .  the best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges .  finding solutions in energy ,  health and home ,  transportation and finance .  building ,  powering ,  moving and curing the world .  not just imagining .  doing .  ge works .      
 description  suntrust is one of the nation’s largest and strongest financial services holding companies in the united states .  we offer over 1 , 500 branches and 2 , 800 atm in convenient locations throughout the southern regions of the u . s .  suntrust provides deposit ,  credit ,  trust ,  and investment services to a broad range of retail ,  businesses ,  and institutional clients .   customer service representative  the customer service representative serves as the central channel for consumer concerns .  as the principal client - facing teammate ,  the customer service representative deepens relationships by providing warm service while efficiently resolving our customer s financial concerns .   job summary  ·         receive inbound calls from customers and open conversations  ·         understand and empathize with the customer s financial concerns  ·         provide thoughtful suggestions through insight into current needs  ·         engage in exceptional customer service through ethical sales solutions  ·         identify referral opportunities and engage in attentive follow - through  ·         serve as a knowledge asset for suntrust products ,  services and policies  qualifications  requirements  ·         high school diploma or equivalent  ·         2+ years of customer service or sales experience  preferred qualifications  ·         1+ years of call center experience  ·         1+ years in retail banking or financial services  ·         demonstrated success in performance - based environment  benefits  your life is full of responsibilities  suntrust provides the tools and resources to help you balance your work and your life needs through the following benefits   ·         medical ,  dental ,  and vision plans  ·         retirement plan – 401k with matching  ·         life insurance  ·         disability insurance  ·         time away from work – vacations and holidays  ·         suntrust university ,  an in - house career growth and employee development program  ·         tuition assistance – financial help for going back to school  how to apply ?  is this you ?  if you are qualified and interested ,  please click the apply now button .   job   contact centers / call centers  primary location   fl - orlando - orlando operations center  schedule   full - time     
 uniqlo is seeking experienced store manager candidates !  at uniqlo we are seeking individuals who are committed to becoming business leaders in the retail industry .   if you possess an entrepreneurial spirit and have strong analytical abilities ,  you could be our next success story !  our ambition is to open 10  -  20 stores annually in the united states and become the #1 specialty apparel retailer .   with over 1 , 200 stores globally ,  together we believe we can change the world !    our innovative training guides you in learning the core skills for success ,  such as  monitoring and developing work schedulesassessing effective visual merchandise layouts and complying with merchandising requirementsmanaging inventory levels and proposing solutions that best benefit the companysupervising ,  motivating and developing a team to ensure retention & meet sales goalssuccessfully delivering uniqlo’s fundamental principles of customer serviceat uniqlo we offer career advancement and salary increases to hardworking ,  committed individuals who consistently generate results .  all of our employees ,  including newly hired part - time staff members ,  have the potential to take on greater responsibility and rise within our organization .    our top candidates will bring the following qualifications  bachelor’s degree2 – 7 years retail management and leadership experienceflexibility with work schedule according to business needs  ( including nights ,  weekends ,  and holidays ) flexibility to relocate to various locations during a 12 - month period  ( paid relocation benefits provided ) proven track record of increasing salesstrong analytical and math skillsexcellent interpersonal and communication skillsstrong leadership and work ethicability to adapt in a fast - changing environment that requires a high degree of multi - taskingpassion for customer service and driving innovative processesdetail oriented with an innate understanding of visual standardsbenefits include medical and dental health insurance ,  a 401k plan ,  competitive paid time off  ( pto )  and a generous merchandise discount .  all managers are eligible for a bi - annual performance based bonus .  for consideration please apply through our website  https  /  / careers - uniqlo . icims . com .  .  .      
 regardless of college major or professional experience ,  nearly 100% of our full - time employees start out in our management training program .  this allows everyone to learn our business from the ground up and understand how they play a significant role in seeing it succeed .   once you ve completed your initial orientation and training ,  you ll be assigned to a branch office in your home area and the hands - on training begins .  you ll learn valuable business skills from capable mentors who were once in your shoes .  nearly 100% of all our managers and corporate executives started out as management trainees .   during your first year ,  you will actively participate in everything from sales and marketing and customer service to operations and finance .  as you progress ,  you will be tested and evaluated to determine your proficiency in these areas .  successful completion of these tests and evaluations will result in rewards ,  pay increases and the opportunity for continued promotions .   as you progress ,  increasingly more opportunities will become available to you .  you can choose ,  as most people do ,  to continue your rewarding ascent within our rental operations managerial track or you can explore one of many other exciting options including fleet management ,  human resources ,  car sales ,  accounting ,  marketing and more .    as a management trainee ,  you are empowered to make business decisions that greatly affect your career as well as the bottom line .  you ll gain responsibility for developing new business and maintaining current relationships .  you ll be responsible for understanding cost control ,  reading your branch s p&l statement and understanding what it takes to run a profitable business .  you will also learn how to deliver superior customer service .  we will teach you how to effectively communicate ,  influence and interact with all types of customers ,  vendors and co - workers .  you ll learn proper sales techniques to problem solving and conflict management .  those skills will provide you with the opportunity to market to local business partners and build solid ,  long - lasting relationships with key business decision - makers .  in your development to become a successful manager at enterprise ,  you ll learn how to mentor ,  train ,  develop ,  manage and promote a staff of your own .      bachelor s degree required .    previous experience in sales ,  customer service ,  or management .    must have a valid driver s license with no more than 2 moving violations on driving record in the last 3 years   no drug or alcohol convictions on driving record within the past 5 years .    must be at least 18 years old .    must be authorized to work in the united states and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future .      
 job location  hickory hills ,  il  servicemaster is committed to diversity and inclusion .  we encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position .   an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer – aa / eoe / m / f / d / v  position overview responsible for achieving sales goals and executing sales plans within an assigned sales territory and / or account .  generates and secures new business - to - business sales revenue by prospecting and adding new commercial customers .  generates revenue and / or profit margin in their accounts and territories .  generally focuses on local market accounts and prospects .  pro - actively sells programs / services to existing customers ,  as well as “cold - calling” prospective commercial clients .  informs customers of company promotions ,  upgrades and up - sell opportunities .   responsibilities 1 .  primarily responsible for generating new business to business sales revenue by prospecting and adding new commercial customers .   2 .  sells programs and services to existing customers by maintaining key customer relationships and developing and implementing strategies for expanding the company s customer base .   3 .  conducts lead follow - up ,  retention calls and service calls through telemarketing and person - to - person contact .   4 .  works collaboratively with regional commercial sales managers and / or general managers to define and share best practices and deliver solutions to commercial customers .   5 .  works with general managers ,  service managers and commercial account specialists to execute work ,  drive customer satisfaction and resolve customer issues in a timely manner .   6 .  penetrate new accounts and achieve sales plan in all key areas  new accounts ,  up - sell and renewal of existing customers  competencies servicemaster commitment customer orientation / positive impact results orientation / sense of urgency change mastery relationship building / sensitivity problem solving and decision making initiative  education and experience requirements bachelor s degree  ( bs / ba )  from a four - year college or university or related work expereince  minimum three  ( 3 )  years proven sales track record in commercial sales  knowledge ,  skills ,  and abilities knowledge of the organization s products and / or services  demonstrated consultative selling abilities  ability to collaborate and influence internal and external shareholders  ability to write reports ,  business correspondence and procedure manuals  ability to execute prospecting strategies for discovering and closing new accounts  excellent interpersonal communication skills with internal associates and external customers  strong leadership skills  disclaimer the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification .  they are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities ,  duties ,  and skills required of personnel so classified .  all personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time ,  as needed .   job id  553525     
 the boeing company offers human resources  ( hr )  summer internships at major facilities ,  including seattle / puget sound ,  southern california ,  st .  louis ,  oklahoma city ,  philadelphia and several other locations .  these full - time ,  paid internships enable you to gain hands - on experience while contributing to exciting programs ,  helping us meet customer needs and learning from experienced professionals .  the internship program is designed to engage students in a specific strategic work project ,  participate in performing hr responsibilities ,  and to prepare you for a future career as an hr professional at the boeing company .  all internships provide both the opportunity to participate in responsibilities of the role and a project .  opportunities include      hr generalist  the major operating groups producing commercial airplanes and defense airplanes and systems will host several human resources generalist  ( hrg )  positions .  the internships will combine project work with participation in traditional hrg responsibilities .  these internships will provide students with exposure directly to the core business ,  factory ,  and support functions .  work may include  talent management ,  employee relations ,  data management ,  staffing ,  and general employee communication .  undergraduate and graduate students considered .     hr specialist  available specialist positions include ,  but are not limited to strategic workforce planning ,  leadership development and employee relations .  as an hr specialist ,  students will be exposed to the development ,  administration and consultation of functional human resources policies ,  processes and strategy .  students will learn the organization s strategies and processes and get to experience the full scope of the job .  in addition ,  they will have considerable interaction with business leaders and other hr disciplines .        - building positive relationships  developing and using collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals .   - decision making  identifies and understands issues ,  problems ,  and opportunities  compares data from different sources to draw conclusions  uses effective approaches for choosing a course of action or develops appropriate solutions  takes action that is consistent with available facts ,  constraints ,  and probable consequences .   - initiating action  takes prompt action to accomplish objectives  takes action to achieve goals beyond what is required  is proactive .   basic qualifications for consideration  are you currently a student at a college or university and will have completed your sophomore year by june 2014 ?   are you currently pursuing a business or human resources related degree ?          candidates should be college students as follows   -  junior year undergraduates ,  preferably majoring in human resources or business administration with focus on human resources  -  or  -  -  first year graduate students ,  preferably pursuing a degree in human resources or business administration with focus on human resources .  prefer candidates with strong academic achievement  -  3 . 0 gpa  ( 3 . 25 preferred )  .  clearly state your cumulative gpa and month  /  year of graduation on your resume .  assignments begin when your school recesses for the summer of 2014 and last for 12 weeks until returning to school .  if selected ,  you will have input on your specific internship placement .  this position is for opportunities within human resources .      
 growing online women s clothing store seeks experienced web blogger ,  social media assistant ,  copywriter .  we need someone who is experienced in creating content about women s sexy clothing ,  lingerie ,  fashion ,  latest trends related to our products .  we need a creative person who can create / organize social media content  blog posts ,  contests ,  tweets ,  posts ,  comments ,  website content etc .  you will be working directly on assignments with our marketing director .  requirements  + experience with blogging in fashion ,  clothing ,  shopping areas .  + able to generate new ideas and topics for articles .  + able to write new articles ,  comment on existing ones .  + able to find and communicate with other bloggers .  guest posting .  + able to generate and implement new ideas for social posts ,  tweets ,  contests etc .  + able to write press releases .  + excellent writing skills .  + basic graphic design skills .  + must have at least one well - established personal blog or professional blog .  + experience with wordpress and other blogging platforms is a plus .  + experience with facebook ,  google+ ,  twitter ,  youtube ,  pinterest and other social platforms .  + everyday availability ( during business days )  .  desired skills  copywriting sales writing business writing     
 business consultant intern (   job number  171050 )   kaiser permanante is america s leading nonprofit ,  integrated halth plan .   at kaiser permanente information technology  ( kpit )  ,  you join a team of business and technology professionals dedicated to delivering care in the form of information that will literally change the course of health care .    kpit is a group of 6 , 000 - plus people dedicated to supporting and improving healthcare for its members ,  and to delivering 24x7 it services to 150k employees across 400+ medical facilities .    every technology we design ,  every system we maintain ,  supports the health and well being of our 8 . 7 million members .   description  calling all go getters… . trend - setters ,  goal - chasers ,  and innovation - drivers .   come get the experience you need to leap ahead of the competition .  help us shape and define the future of health care .  contribute your ideas to a place where powerful technology and business expertise come together to support lives .  do it all at kaiser permanente .  with internships and early career opportunities in it ,  sales and marketing ,  finance and accounting ,  and corporate ,  you ll work on influential real - world projects that will define our success - and your own .  now is the time to tap into your potential .  come accelerate your future with us .   the interns will support the opening of new hospitals in oakland and san leandro .  will be working with medical center business partners to gather and document requirement and working with it staff to translate them to solutions  essential functions  the internship includes ,  but is not limited to the following  • work on a designated project to solve a business problem .  • through exposure to leadership ,  project management and business planning activities ,  develop a foundation for basic requirements necessary to be successful in a business environment  • assist with preparing status reports and utility of performance metrics .  • track ,  document and communicate progression of tasks and provide follow - up to ensure on - time completion • learn new applications needed to complete assigned work such as ms project and other ms office products and analytics • create and document testing plans  • assist business consultants to organize documentation .   • assist technician with asset management processes  qualifications  basic qualifications  • eligibility to work in the us • student s pursuing a bachelor s degree at an accredited university • academic students seeking professional training within a business corporate environment • analytical ,  relationship building ,  and interpersonal skills are essential .  • leadership potential as demonstrated by on - campus and / or community involvement • working knowledge of ms word ,  excel ,  powerpoint  preferred qualifications  • 3 . 0 gpa or above • must be able to function with minimal supervision • excellent verbal and written communication skills • effective presentation and project management skills • recent work experience in related field  • recent graduate with some experience in a customer service role  primary location   california - oakland - broadway mob 3701 broadway  scheduled hours  ( 1 - 40 )    40  shift   day  working days   mon  -  fri  working hours start   8 00 am  working hours end   5 00 pm  schedule   full - time  job type   internship  employee status   temporary  employee group   non - union ,  non - exempt  job level   entry level  job   information technology  public department name   group & ncal bio  travel   yes ,  10% of the time  external hires must pass a background check / drug screen .   we are proud to be an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
 we are india based web and mobile application development firm .  established in 2004 .  since inception we have made a distinctive mark in the industry .  our work has been accredited by various independent organization    deloitte technology fast 500 asia pacific 2012 winner   deloitte technology fast 50 india 2012 winner   india eretail awards 2012 winner   nasscom emerge 50  ?  2011   magento silver partner organization   iso 9001 certified organization   red herring 2013 asia pacific finalist we re looking for a sales associate to help us generate revenue and increase the customer base for our web application and mobile application business .   -  candidate must be keen to take up the assignment full time .   -  one should be well versed with web application and mobile application technology .   -  should be aggressive and go getter to achieve the sales target .  job description  we re looking for a sales associate to help us generate revenue and increase the customer base for our web application and mobile application business .  your responsibilities   -  identify new prospects and interact with existing customers to increase sales of goods / services  -  educate and engage prospects through meeting and demonstrations  -  meet specified quotas and deadlines  -  maintain knowledge of the company s offerings  -  make recommendations to prospects and clients of the various solutions the company offers  -  maintain accurate records of all sales and prospecting activities including sales calls ,  presentations and closed sales  -  source and develop client relationships and referrals your qualifications   -  strong verbal and written communication skills  -  strong interpersonal skills  -  excellent analytical and organizational skills  -  a complete elance profile  -  references or an established reputation on elance preferred engagement will be on hourly based payment along with commission on each successful business deal .  desired skills  business development sales     
 graduate business intern (   job number  201986 )   we’re looking for big ideas—6 . 9 petabytes is a good start .  that’s how much data we manage and store in information technology at kaiser permanente—more than the library of congress can claim .  we’re home to some other big ideas ,  like creating kp healthconnect® ,  the nation’s largest electronic medical record system .  using social media and text messaging to help members engage in their own care .  and developing predictive modeling tools that anticipate health issues before they’re an issue .   it’s the kind of thinking that’s shaping the future of technology ,  health care ,  and the lives of all 8 . 6 million of our members .  if you’re ready to contribute your own big ideas ,  join us .   description  calling all go getters… . trend - setters ,  goal - chasers ,  and innovation - drivers .   come get the experience you need to leap ahead of the competition .  help us shape and define the future of health care .  contribute your ideas to a place where powerful technology and business expertise come together to support lives .  do it all at kaiser permanente .   with internships and early career opportunities in it ,  sales and marketing ,  finance and accounting ,  and corporate ,  you ll work on influential real - world projects that will define our success - and your own .   now is the time to tap into potential .  come accelerate your future with us .   are you looking for an internship where you will have   ·exposure to financial analysis in a dynamic healthcare it environment  ·opportunity to be involved in developing strategic communications and exposure to senior it leadership  ·experience learning and developing key department metrics  ·exposure to managed services  ·exposure to formal project and process management methodologies  if you are ,  then this is a position is for you !   we are looking for dynamic individuals who are interested in working within a healthcare environment with an emphasis on technology .  as part of a team under close supervision ,  interns will assist in performing a variety of developmental assignments and learn new business tools .  in addition ,  you will participate in enrichment activities for your professional development .   in this internship position ,  you will work within the business & supplier management services department which provides governance ,  vendor management ,  asset management ,  delivery assurance and contract management to the infrastructure management group and ,  in some cases ,  across it .  the department works with it s senior leaders in governing and directly with the vendors in obtaining the best value for kaiser permanente .   essential functions  this internship includes ,  but is not limited to the following   · assisting in the analysis and explanation of financial drivers for managed services agreements across $150m portfolio  ·assisting in the development of presentations to senior leadership that explains the finances and drivers  ·deliverables would include executive level presentations ,  re - usable financial templates and models  ·performing additional job - related duties as required .   qualifications  basic qualifications  • a current student entering the 2nd year of an mba program at an accredited college or university .  • bachelor s degree .  • ability to articulate complex technical and financial concepts to a non - it business audience .  • strong business analysis skills .  • proficient in ms office  ( word ,  excel ,  powerpoint )  .  • exceptional written and verbal communications skills with the ability to construct a wide variety of well - written business communications and present to various levels of management in large group or one - on - one settings .  • leadership potential .  • ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines .   preferred qualifications  • bachelor s degree in information systems ,  business ,  finance ,  marketing or communications or related field .  • management consulting experience ,  particularly in change leadership ,  cost accounting ,  process design and service catalog .  • ability to understand and assess economic concepts cost accounting and activity - based costing methods and service - based processes and practices .  • a broad understanding of technology .   skilled in   ·         business and financial analysis  ·         ability to summarize information into succinct format  ·         ability to develop messaging within presentations  ·         familiarity with contracts / agreements and contract language  ·         ability to develop complex spreadsheets  ·         excellent communication skills  ( written and oral )   ·         intermediate to advanced powerpoint skills  ·         experience in analyzing complex business cases  primary location   california - pleasanton - pleasanton tech cntr building f 5810 owens dr .   scheduled hours  ( 1 - 40 )    40  shift   day  working days   mon - fri  working hours start   8 00am  working hours end   5 00pm  schedule   full - time  job type   internship  employee status   temporary  employee group   non - union ,  non - exempt  job level   entry level  job   information technology  public department name   infrastructure management group  travel   yes ,  5% of the time  external hires must pass a background check / drug screen .   we are proud to be an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer .      
my business is a nonprofit organization and we buy wigs for cancer patients .  our goal is to open a thrift store to help small families and individual with financial stuggles .  we have a prayer line set for people who are in need for assistants .  our mission to uplife and bolster some ones self esteem so they can feel good about their selfs .  we live to give .  .  .  desired skills   . net admin assistant research    
 hi there !  i am an acupuncturist and looking for someone to manage my emails .  great energy and a positive outlook matters most .  you ll be responding to client requests to schedule sessions ,  scheduling sessions using genbook . com ,  submitting information to our insurance biller via email ,  and creating newsletters through mailchimp and constant contact .  please have experience in all of the above .  there are templates with specific wording to stick to .  the job will take about 1 - 2 hours daily monday  -  fridays .  please tell me a little bit about yourself in your response .  thank you !  deganit job description  your responsibilities   -  email management ,  scheduling and calendaring  -  corresponding with clients and addressing their emails within 24 hours monday - friday  -  email our insurance billing company daily with submissions .   ( i will email you daily including relevant information for that day .  )   -  creating newsletters anywhere from once / week to once / month .   -  sending out monthly emails to clients such as welcome letters ,  birthday greetings ,  package updates ,  insurance updates ,  etc .   -  working with  genbook mailchimp constant contact paperless post gmail gmail drive  -  perform additional tasks as they arise your qualifications   -  experience in managing and organizing documents and schedules  -  strong written and verbal communication skills  -  excellent organizational and time management skills  -  attention to detail and ability to prioritize  -  a complete elance profile  -  references or an established reputation on elance or from former employers preferred .  desired skills  admin assistant business management calendaring customer service general office skills     
 the boeing company offers human resources  ( hr )  summer internships at major facilities ,  including seattle / puget sound ,  southern california ,  st .  louis ,  oklahoma city ,  philadelphia and several other locations .  these full - time ,  paid internships enable you to gain hands - on experience while contributing to exciting programs ,  helping us meet customer needs and learning from experienced professionals .  the internship program is designed to engage students in a specific strategic work project ,  participate in performing hr responsibilities ,  and to prepare you for a future career as an hr professional at the boeing company .  all internships provide both the opportunity to participate in responsibilities of the role and a project .  opportunities include      hr generalist  the major operating groups producing commercial airplanes and defense airplanes and systems will host several human resources generalist  ( hrg )  positions .  the internships will combine project work with participation in traditional hrg responsibilities .  these internships will provide students with exposure directly to the core business ,  factory ,  and support functions .  work may include  talent management ,  employee relations ,  data management ,  staffing ,  and general employee communication .  undergraduate and graduate students considered .     hr specialist  available specialist positions include ,  but are not limited to strategic workforce planning ,  leadership development and employee relations .  as an hr specialist ,  students will be exposed to the development ,  administration and consultation of functional human resources policies ,  processes and strategy .  students will learn the organization s strategies and processes and get to experience the full scope of the job .  in addition ,  they will have considerable interaction with business leaders and other hr disciplines .        - building positive relationships  developing and using collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals .   - decision making  identifies and understands issues ,  problems ,  and opportunities  compares data from different sources to draw conclusions  uses effective approaches for choosing a course of action or develops appropriate solutions  takes action that is consistent with available facts ,  constraints ,  and probable consequences .   - initiating action  takes prompt action to accomplish objectives  takes action to achieve goals beyond what is required  is proactive .   basic qualifications for consideration  are you currently a student at a college or university and will have completed your sophomore year by june 2014 ?   are you currently pursuing a business or human resources related degree ?          candidates should be college students as follows   -  junior year undergraduates ,  preferably majoring in human resources or business administration with focus on human resources  -  or  -  -  first year graduate students ,  preferably pursuing a degree in human resources or business administration with focus on human resources .  prefer candidates with strong academic achievement  -  3 . 0 gpa  ( 3 . 25 preferred )  .  clearly state your cumulative gpa and month  /  year of graduation on your resume .  assignments begin when your school recesses for the summer of 2014 and last for 12 weeks until returning to school .  if selected ,  you will have input on your specific internship placement .  this position is for opportunities within human resources .      
 the business intelligence intern will be responsible for producing all standard deliverables for various marketstar clients and working closely to support the analytical work of a senior analyst .  the intern will also be responsible for occasional ad hoc analysis or other projects related to list management ,  data preparation ,  or general market analysis ,  etc .  this position will require approximately 25 - 30 hours of work each week ,  with occasions of more or less hours .  marketstar can be flexible with regard to schedules .  responsibilities  produce standard deliverables according to specific deadlines prepare spreadsheets and written reports to present data in clear ,  concise reports meet with senior analysts to plan reporting projects and set deadlines ability to speak intelligently regarding the reports produced and be able to explain any anomalies requirements  pursuing bachelor s degree or equivalent experience in business ,  marketing ,  statistics ,  computer science or mathematics related fields experience in data analysis and / or business report generation in an academic or professional setting clearly demonstrated problem solving skills excellent written and oral communication skills good math skills and knowledge of statistics ability to manage deadlines for multiple projects all new - hires must pass a pre - employment background check and drug screen .  as part of the application process ,  you will be asked to complete a video interview so you must have access to a computer or device with a webcam .  to learn more about our cutting edge video - interview process ,  visit hirevue .  marketstar does not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race ,  color ,  religion ,  national origin ,  ancestry ,  gender ,  sexual orientation ,  gender identity and / or expression ,  age ,  veteran status ,  disability ,  or any other characteristic protected by federal ,  state ,  or local employment discrimination laws where marketstar does business .  marketstar is a part of the publicis omnicom group omnicom group inc .   ( nyse  omc )  the largest advertising and marketing organization in the world .  as the pioneer in outsourced sales and marketing since 1988 ,  marketstar supports the vision and promotes the success of hundreds of companies ,  large to small ,  across the world .  marketstar s team manages over 80 , 000 commercial accounts ,  visits nearly 1 , 000 , 000 retail stores annually ,  interacts with over 500 , 000 customers via phone and closes nearly $13 billion in annual sales for our clients .  marketstar s 6000 global team members are a unique blend of field ,  phone and digital based staff .  with operations across north america ,  latin america ,  asia pacific ,  europe and the middle east ,  we communicate in over 20 languages and call into over 70 countries .  our people are not just outsourced staff  they re passionate advocates ,  dedicated to representing and promoting our clients  products and services .  join the leader in sales and marketing outsourcing .  to apply for this position ,  please click here     
 life - changers work here  carefusion life - changers find innovative ways to improve our customers  ability to provide healthcare to their patients .  one way is our search for bold and inspired employees across the globe .  are you ready to change lives ?  join our 15 , 000 employees to help clinicians solve some of healthcare s most critical challenges .   meet one of our life - changers .  http  /  / www . youtube . com .  .  .   job title  intern ,  hr  ( coe )  job family group  ( function )   hr  -  center of expertise job family  hr  ( coe )  intern track / level  b3  carefusion business description  accountabilities  keywords  job family summary  hr  ( coe )  intern is responsible for responding to the specific business and functional needs of their respective work group ( s )  and executing work according to guidance .  employees in this category are assumed to be in a learning or support mode for a temporary period of time .   qualifications  qualifications    high school diploma or equivalent   2 - 4 years previous relevant experience   relevant college coursework preferred   advanced computer skills required  requisition id   1305013l  primary location   california - san diego - san diego  -  hq blds a & b  travel   no  schedule   full - time  job posting   sep 17 ,  2013 ,  11 45 24 am     
 job title  business / marketing intern department  customer programs and services location  topeka general office ,  topeka ,  ks pay range  $17 . 00  -  $18 . 00 per hour scheduled work hours  monday  -  friday ,  flexible hours between 8 00 a . m .   -  5 00 p . m .  summary of primary duties and responsibilities  under general direction ,  assist customer programs team members with program development ,  documentation and implementation .  support existing program management ,  analysis ,  reporting and other associated work as directed .  may also be responsible for performing routine administrative functions .  essential job functions  Â ?  product development and management knowledge .  Â ?  customer service program analysis .  Â ?  reasonable technical aptitude for electronic customer interfaces .  Â ?  community relations and public speaking .  Â ?  social media & marketing aptitude .  Â ?  ability to work flexible schedule  -  some evening and weekend work required .  education and experience requirements  mba graduate student or upper class undergraduate student in good standing with the school of business .  marketing & product management emphasis preferred .  skills ,  knowledge ,  and abilities required  must be able to effectively use oral and written communication skills and be able to work effectively with others in a team environment .  must be able to apply analytical thinking ,  creative problem solving ,  and sound reasoning .  must have high ethical standards and the ability to remain independent .  must have the ability to handle multiple projects and priorities at the same time .  must demonstrate exceptional interpersonal skills including being organized ,  self - motivated ,  dependable ,  perceptive ,  decisive ,  objective ,  tactful ,  assertive ,  and persuasive .  must possess the ability to present a professional image to obtain the confidence ,  trust and cooperation of the customer .  proficiency in spreadsheet applications is required .  working knowledge of word processing and databases is preferred .  licenses ,  certifications ,  bonding ,  and / or testing required  must possess a valid driver s license .  working conditions  normal office working conditions .  ability to meet strict deadlines and work well under pressure .  must have excellent work record including good attendance .      
   our people make the difference    the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .     for thirteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .    at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !     summer 2014 intern – social networking analyst  -  supervision support services   the incumbent is responsible for facilitating social networking among bank examiners ,  who share knowledge and information with each other across the federal reserve system .  facilitate and increase the amount of discussion and interaction that occurs within established online forums for staff with common areas of subject matter interest .  spend a considerable amount of time understanding the user base ,  business segments ,  and groups within our social networking spaces to understand their usage patterns ,  behaviors ,  business needs and priorities .  use creative communication and marketing to highlight subject matter experts ,  best practices ,  and improvement opportunities .  work with other dedicated team members to continually improve methods and processes and to highlight innovations and newsworthy accomplishments .  assist in extending such services and capabilities outside of the federal reserve to other regulatory agencies with whom we partner .    responsibilities     develops strong understanding of business communication flows and interactions  ( formal and informal )  and design methods to improve the quality and effectiveness of such .    uses effective communications ,  marketing ,  or public relations skills to analyze user base and apply social networking techniques and software functionality to meet and exceed the needs of various groups and forums .    develops customer oriented ,  flexible ,  tailored education and awareness sessions to describe the benefits of informal learning and social networking methods .    researches best practices in the areas of knowledge management and social networking by using external sources and contracted vendors ,  and recommends solutions for implementation to benefit the knowledge management support office .    performs other duties as assigned or requested .    requirements     working toward a bachelor  s or master’s degree in marketing ,  public relations ,  communications ,  or similar major ,  with at least one semester of school remaining upon completion of the internship .    strong academic record with a minimum grade point average of 3 . 0 .    knowledge of effective communications techniques and experience using social networking software  ( i . e .  twitter ,  linkedin ,  sharepoint ,  etc .  )    self - starter with strong work ethic and demonstrated leadership capabilities .    team player with good organizational and communication skills .  please note  this position requires access to confidential supervisory information ,  access to which is limited to   protected individuals   as defined by regulation of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .  protected individuals include ,  but are not limited to ,  u . s .  citizens ,  u . s .  nationals ,  and lawful permanent resident aliens  ( also known as   green card holders   )  but do not include  ( i )  a permanent resident alien who fails to apply for naturalization within six months of the date the alien first becomes eligible to apply for naturalization and  ( ii )  an alien who has applied on a timely basis ,  but has not been naturalized as a citizen within 2 years after the date of the application ,  unless the alien can establish that the alien is actively pursuing naturalization .  if you are selected for an interview ,  you will be required to present documentation of your eligibility prior to the interview .   primary location   oh - cleveland  full - time  /  part - time   part - time  employee status   temporary  overtime status   non - exempt  job type   internship  travel   no  shift   day job  req id   233100     
 the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .   for thirteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named “one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .   at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !   summer 2014 intern – social networking analyst  -  supervision support services  the incumbent is responsible for facilitating social networking among bank examiners ,  who share knowledge and information with each other across the federal reserve system .   facilitate and increase the amount of discussion and interaction that occurs within established online forums for staff with common areas of subject matter interest .  spend a considerable amount of time understanding the user base ,  business segments ,  and groups within our social networking spaces to understand their usage patterns ,  behaviors ,  business needs and priorities .  use creative communication and marketing to highlight subject matter experts ,  best practices ,  and improvement opportunities .  work with other dedicated team members to continually improve methods and processes and to highlight innovations and newsworthy accomplishments .  assist in extending such services and capabilities outside of the federal reserve to other regulatory agencies with whom we partner .   responsibilities   ·         develops strong understanding of business communication flows and interactions  ( formal and informal )  and design methods to improve the quality and effectiveness of such .   ·         uses effective communications ,  marketing ,  or public relations skills to analyze user base and apply social networking techniques and software functionality to meet and exceed the needs of various groups and forums .   ·         develops customer oriented ,  flexible ,  tailored education and awareness sessions to describe the benefits of informal learning and social networking methods .   ·         researches best practices in the areas of knowledge management and social networking by using external sources and contracted vendors ,  and recommends solutions for implementation to benefit the knowledge management support office .   ·         performs other duties as assigned or requested .   requirements   ·         working toward a bachelor s or master’s degree in marketing ,  public relations ,  communications ,  or similar major ,  with at least one semester of school remaining upon completion of the internship .   ·         strong academic record with a minimum grade point average of 3 . 0 .   ·         knowledge of effective communications techniques and experience using social networking software  ( i . e .  twitter ,  linkedin ,  sharepoint ,  etc .  )   ·         self - starter with strong work ethic and demonstrated leadership capabilities .   ·         team player with good organizational and communication skills .   please note  this position requires access to confidential supervisory information ,  access to which is limited to   protected individuals   as defined by regulation of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .   protected individuals include ,  but are not limited to ,  u . s .  citizens ,  u . s .  nationals ,  and lawful permanent resident aliens  ( also known as   green card holders   )  but do not include  ( i )  a permanent resident alien who fails to apply for naturalization within six months of the date the alien first becomes eligible to apply for naturalization and  ( ii )  an alien who has applied on a timely basis ,  but has not been naturalized as a citizen within 2 years after the date of the application ,  unless the alien can establish that the alien is actively pursuing naturalization .    if you are selected for an interview ,  you will be required to present documentation of your eligibility prior to the interview .      
 the federal reserve bank of cleveland is part of the nation’s central bank .  we’ve provided many opportunities for professional growth during our history .   for thirteen years in a row ,  we’ve been named “one of northeast ohio’s best places to work” by north coast 99 .  this prestigious award honors organizations with outstanding employment practices ,  including compensation ,  benefits ,  training ,  recruitment ,  retention ,  community services ,  and employee communications .   at our state - of - the - art cleveland office we are seeking innovative thinkers with vision to build the framework that will carry the bank into the future .  join our team !   summer 2014 intern – social networking analyst  -  supervision support services  the incumbent is responsible for facilitating social networking among bank examiners ,  who share knowledge and information with each other across the federal reserve system .   facilitate and increase the amount of discussion and interaction that occurs within established online forums for staff with common areas of subject matter interest .  spend a considerable amount of time understanding the user base ,  business segments ,  and groups within our social networking spaces to understand their usage patterns ,  behaviors ,  business needs and priorities .  use creative communication and marketing to highlight subject matter experts ,  best practices ,  and improvement opportunities .  work with other dedicated team members to continually improve methods and processes and to highlight innovations and newsworthy accomplishments .  assist in extending such services and capabilities outside of the federal reserve to other regulatory agencies with whom we partner .   responsibilities   ·         develops strong understanding of business communication flows and interactions  ( formal and informal )  and design methods to improve the quality and effectiveness of such .   ·         uses effective communications ,  marketing ,  or public relations skills to analyze user base and apply social networking techniques and software functionality to meet and exceed the needs of various groups and forums .   ·         develops customer oriented ,  flexible ,  tailored education and awareness sessions to describe the benefits of informal learning and social networking methods .   ·         researches best practices in the areas of knowledge management and social networking by using external sources and contracted vendors ,  and recommends solutions for implementation to benefit the knowledge management support office .   ·         performs other duties as assigned or requested .   requirements   ·         working toward a bachelor s or master’s degree in marketing ,  public relations ,  communications ,  or similar major ,  with at least one semester of school remaining upon completion of the internship .   ·         strong academic record with a minimum grade point average of 3 . 0 .   ·         knowledge of effective communications techniques and experience using social networking software  ( i . e .  twitter ,  linkedin ,  sharepoint ,  etc .  )   ·         self - starter with strong work ethic and demonstrated leadership capabilities .   ·         team player with good organizational and communication skills .   please note  this position requires access to confidential supervisory information ,  access to which is limited to   protected individuals   as defined by regulation of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .   protected individuals include ,  but are not limited to ,  u . s .  citizens ,  u . s .  nationals ,  and lawful permanent resident aliens  ( also known as   green card holders   )  but do not include  ( i )  a permanent resident alien who fails to apply for naturalization within six months of the date the alien first becomes eligible to apply for naturalization and  ( ii )  an alien who has applied on a timely basis ,  but has not been naturalized as a citizen within 2 years after the date of the application ,  unless the alien can establish that the alien is actively pursuing naturalization .    if you are selected for an interview ,  you will be required to present documentation of your eligibility prior to the interview .      
